With the coming of Dean Moriarty began the part of my life you could call my life on the road. Before that I'd often dreamed of going West to see the country, always vaguely planning and never taking off. Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
Picking up the pieces, half alive in a nine 'til five, vacant eyes, is it any wonder? Primal scream at the TV screen, close your eyes. Now the world is too much with me. Please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, just leave, please go now.
And when he rode past I seen he was carryin' fire in a horn the way people used to do and I could see the horn from the light inside of it. About the color of the moon.
Buddy sat down beside me. He put his arm around my waist and brushed the hair from my ear. I didn't move. Then I heard him whisper, 'How would you like to be Mrs Buddy Willard?' I had an awful impulse to laugh.
To drive out of the Central Valley of California on a hot day and into San Francisco is to feel like you're landing on another planet. Over our two-hour drive, the temperature went from nearly a hundred to the middle sixties. The visual disparity was as dramatic. On one side of the bay was a day so bright you'd have to squint with the visor down and your sunglasses on. As we crossed into the fog, it didn't seem possible that two such environments could exist side by side.
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Always do your best - your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best.
Three changes occur while the stacked disk structure equilibrates with the high-temperature oven. First, the layer of dough bakes into bread, a low-water-content material with a large number of nonconnecting small air spaces. Second, the tomato paste dehydrates, and third, the mozzarella undergoes a complex series of transitions involving protein denaturation and lipid rearrangement from regular liquid crystal to more disordered states.
Everyone said I was daft to build a castle on a swamp, but I built it all the same, just to show them. It sank into the swamp. So I built a second one. That sank into the swamp. So I built a third. That burned down, fell over, then sank into the swamp. But the fourth one stayed up!
If I'm curt with you it's because time is a factor. I think fast, I talk fast and I need you guys to act fast if you wanna get out of this. So, pretty please with sugar on top. Clean the car!
It was an effect of light: quick sunlight dappling, yellow leaves falling (but from what? Were there even trees on West Fifty-seventh Street?), a shower of gold, spangled, very fast, a falling of the bright. Later I watched for this effect on similar bright days but never again experienced it. I wondered then if it had been a seizure, or stroke of some kind.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting, he thought, as he looked again at the position of the sun, and hurried his pace.
Question marks and exclamation points go inside quotation marks when they apply to the quoted material only. They go outside when they apply to the entire sentence.
I had a dream. There was our world, and the world was dark because there weren't any robins, and the robins represented love. And for the longest time, there was this darkness. Then all of a sudden, thousands of robins were set free and they flew down and brought this blinding light of love. I guess it means that there is trouble until the robins come. 
Language is one of the keys to being human. It allows us to communicate with other human beings and to leave a legacy of our thoughts and actions for future generations.  The dominant temporal lobe helps to process sounds and written words into meaningful information.
The man who reviews his own life, as I do mine, in going on here, from page to page, had need to have been a good man indeed, if he would be spared the sharp consciousness of many talents neglected, many opportunities wasted, many erratic and perverted feelings constantly at war within his breast, and defeating him.
You wished for a closed world, where you alone are comfortable. In order to protect the weakness of your heart. In order to protect the pleasures in your life. This is merely the result. For people cannot live in a world that is yours alone. They cannot live in a space that is closed off. But you wished for the world, the world that surrounds you, to be closed off. Your heart and mind eliminated everything you didn't like and wished for a world as solitary as possible. And that has led to this little haven for your soul. This is one of the many ends that could occur. This is the end of the world that you have brought about.
The place where you now stand was the Golden Land, but evil power turned it into the Dark World. The wizard has broken the wise men's seal and opened a gate to link the worlds at Hyrule Castle. In order to save this half of the world, the Light World, you must win back the Golden Power. You must also rescue the seven maidens who Agahnim sent to the Dark World. As members of the blood-line of the seven wise men, they have power that will surely help you. The maidens are locked in hidden dungeons full of evil creatures and dangerous traps. The Palace of Darkness should be your first goal in this world! Link, I can rely on only you. Please make this old man's wishes come true. I beg you!
Data creation is exploding. With all the selfies and useless files people refuse to delete on the cloud. 92% of the world's data was created in the last two years, alone. At the current rate, the world's data storage capacity will be overtaken by next spring. It will be nothing short of a catastrophe. Data shortages, data rationing, data black markets. Someone's compression will save the world from data-geddon, and it sure as hell better be Nucleus and not goddamn Pied Piper! I don't know about you people, but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place better than we do.
This is the world that you know. The world as it was at the end of the 20th century. It exists now only as part of a neural interactive simulation that we call the Matrix. You've been living in a dream world, Neo. This is the world as it exists today. Welcome to the desert of the real.
No, I would not want to live in a world without dragons, as I would not want to live in a world without magic, for that is a world without mystery, and that is a world without faith.
I can show you the world - shining, shimmering, splendid. Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes, take you wonder by wonder. Over, sideways, and under on a magic carpet ride. A whole new world, a new fantastic point of view. No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. A whole new world, a dazzling place I never knew. But when I'm way up here, it's crystal clear that now I'm in a whole new world with you.
This world is rotten, and those who are making it rot deserve to die! Someone has to do it, so why not me? Even if it means sacrificing my own mind and soul, it's worth it. Because the world can't go on like this! I wonder what if someone else had picked up this notebook? Is there anyone out there other than me who'd be willing to eliminate the vermin from the world? If I don't do it, then who will? That's just it; there's no one! I can do it! In fact... I'm the only one who can! I'll do it. Using the Death Note, I'll change the world.
Chief Justice Roberts, President Carter, President Clinton, President Bush, President Obama, fellow Americans, and people of the world: thank you.
And, Yes, Together, We Will Make America Great Again. Thank you, God Bless You, And God Bless America.
Cyberspace is colonising what we used to think of as the real world. I think that our grandchildren will probably regard the distinction we make between what we call the real world and what they think of as simply the world as the quaintest and most incomprehensible thing about us."
This strength doesn't make any sense. It's not fair. It's like he's made up of the world's unfairness. As if he is the personification of justice... of course. Didn't I already know? This world is unfair. Justice and evil are decided by others. That's how the world is. To oppose the unfair power known as justice, I have to obtain the unfair power known as evil. To defeat the unfair beings known as heroes I have to become an unfair being myself!
Everyone knew him because, though you see people of his sort only in Narnia, you see pictures of them and hear them talked about even in our world - the world on this side of the wardrobe door. But when you really see them in Narnia it is rather different. Some of the pictures of Father Christmas in our world make him look only funny and jolly. But now that the children actually stood looking at him they didn't find it quite like that. He was so big, and so glad, and so real, that they all became quite still. They felt very glad, but also solemn.
World War II was the largest and most violent armed conflict in the history of mankind. However, the half century that now separates us from that conflict has exacted its toll on our collective knowledge. While World War II continues to absorb the interest of military scholars and historians, as well as its veterans, a generation of Americans has grown to maturity largely unaware of the political, social, and military implications of a war that, more than any other, united us as a people with a common purpose.
In mountainous areas and valleys, groups of people all over the world speak in whistles. They call across farms in their whistle language, and men who are courting women whistle their favorite poems to them. There are over 70 different groups in the world who communicate through whistles the same way most other groups communicate with speech. Whistled tones are used because they are convenient for certain groups, as they can travel up to five miles in the proper conditions.
All the world used her ill, said this young misanthropist... and we may be pretty certain that persons whom all the world treats ill, deserve entirely the treatment they get. The world is a looking-glass, and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. Frown at it, and it will in turn look sourly upon you; laugh at it and with it, and it is a jolly kind companion; and so let all young persons take their choice.
I'm on the top of the world looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find is the love that I've found ever since you've been around. Your love's put me at the top of the world.
I should have died that day. But I didn't. I dragged my wounded body and reached ground zero of the nuclear detonations. A barren, empty land. I felt an unbearable sadness when I witnessed that landscape. There were still people living there. They were the ones that saved me. It may be true that the world has no need of borders. But would getting rid of them really change anything? The world won't change for the better unless we trust people. Trust is vital in a peaceful world. But that will never happen. I'm still on the battlefield. Right now I'm near a border. I want to see for myself what borders really mean and what their volition really is. I may not find what I'm looking for, but I still want to try. Anyway, that's what I've come to believe, and I think that's enough.
Stop the world and let me off, I'm tired of going round and round. I played the game of love and lost. So stop the world and let me off.
He's got to make his own mistakes and learn to mend the mess he makes. He's old enough to know what's right but young enough not to choose it. He's noble enough to win the world but weak enough to lose it. He's a New World man...
Fear in the atmosphere I breathe, revolution against the system. Nothing of the future left for you until we build up enough resistance. Losing faith was a reaction to your miscalculation, waiting to watch the world burn. Waiting to watch the world burn.
Witness Mr. Henry Bemis, a charter member in the fraternity of dreamers. A bookish little man whose passion is the printed page, but who is conspired against by a bank president and a wife and a world full of tongue-cluckers and the unrelenting hands of a clock. But in just a moment, Mr. Bemis will enter a world without bank presidents or wives or clocks or anything else. He'll have a world all to himself, without anyone.
There are those who say that the world is like a calm pond, and that any time a person does even the smallest thing, it is as if a stone has dropped into the pond, spreading circles of ripples further and further out, until the entire world has been changed by one tiny action, but the Baudelaires could not bear to think of the tiny action of the trigger of the harpoon gun, or how the world changed in just one instant. Instead, they frantically rushed to the edge of the pond as the sub-sub-librarian began to sink. Klaus grabbed one hand, and Sunny grabbed the other, and Violet reached for his face, as if she were comforting someone who had begun to cry.
On one world I encountered a feline species who spoke only in song. Beautiful. Strangely inviting given what should have been an obvious animosity. Their matriarch sung the history of her people and it was one of mystery, reverence and wonder. Their world was dying though. Its sun growing dark, illuminating them by moonlight alone. Still they sang. Songs of joy, for the time they had. Not songs for a time coming to an end. I offered to take them to another world, to save them. But they just smiled and shook their heads. I still think about them sometimes.
When it can be said by any country in the world, my poor are happy, neither ignorance nor distress is to be found among them, my jails are empty of prisoners, my streets of beggars, the aged are not in want, the taxes are not oppressive, the rational world is my friend because I am the friend of happiness. When these things can be said, then may that country boast its constitution and government. Independence is my happiness, the world is my country and my religion is to do good.
If you saw Atlas, the giant who holds the world on his shoulders, if you saw that he stood, blood running down his chest, his knees buckling, his arms trembling but still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength, and the greater his effort the heavier the world bore down upon his shoulders-what would you tell him to do? I... don't know. What... could he do? What would you tell him? To shrug.
Why do people lie? It's not just to struggle against each other? It's because they seek something! A world where it's all right for everything to stay as it is will stagnate! You can't call that life! It's the equivalent of a world of memories! A closed and completed world, one I wouldn't want to live in! You both think that will be a good thing. But you're forcing those good intentions on others and that's no different than evil intentions!
When atomic fire consumed the earth, those who survived did so in great, underground Vaults. When they opened, their inhabitants set out across ruins of the old world to build new societies, establish new villages, forming tribes. As decades passed, what had been the American southwest united beneath the flag of the New California Republic, dedicated to old world values of democracy and the rule of law. As the Republic grew, so did its needs. Scouts spread east, seeking territory and wealth, in the dry and merciless expanse of the Mojave Desert. They returned with tales of a city untouched by the warheads that had scorched the rest of the world and a great wall spanning the Colorado River.
See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world. I don't trust people enough beyond the surface world. I don't love people enough to put my faith in men, I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make amend.
No matter what the world is, the god of that world creates the rules. In truth, you have been defeated by the rules I created. And as punishment for defying the God of the new world, you will die...
Well, the time has come to say, is dehumanization such a bad word? Because good or bad, that's what is so. The whole world is becoming humanoid - creatures that look human but aren't. The whole world, not just us. We're just the most advanced country so we're getting there first. The whole world's people are becoming mass-produced, programmed, numbered, insensate things.
Reach out for me and hold me tight. Hold that memory. Let my machine talk to me, let my machine talk to me. This is my world and I am world leader pretend. This is my life and this is my time. I have been given the freedom to do as I see fit. It's high time I've raised the walls that I've constructed.
I don't know what the world may need but a V-8 engine's a good start for me. I think I'll drive and find a place to be surly. I don't know what the world may want but some words of wisdom could comfort us. Think I'll leave that up to someone wiser.
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself what a wonderful world. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessed day, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself what a wonderful world.
Mom says each of us has a veil between ourselves and the rest of the world, like a bride wears on her wedding day, except this kind of veil is invisible. We walk around happily with these invisible veils hanging down over our faces. The world is kind of blurry, and we like it that way. But sometimes our veils are pushed away for a few moments, like there's a wind blowing it from our faces. And when the veil lifts, we can see the world as it really is, just for those few seconds before it settles down again.
There are these two young fish swimming along, and they happen to meet an older fish swimming the other way, who nods at them and says, "Morning, boys, how's the water?" And the two young fish swim on for a bit, and then eventually one of them looks over at the other and goes, "What the hell is water?" If at this moment you're worried that I plan to present myself here as the wise old fish explaining what water is to you younger fish, please don't be. I am not the wise old fish. The immediate point of the fish story is that the most obvious, ubiquitous, important realities are often the ones that are the hardest to see and talk about. Stated as an English sentence, of course, this is just a banal platitude-but the fact is that, in the day-to-day trenches of adult existence, banal platitudes can have life-or-death importance. That may sound like hyperbole, or abstract nonsense. So let's get concrete... A huge percentage of the stuff that I tend to be automatically certain of is, it turns out, totally wrong and deluded. Here's one example of the utter wrongness of something I tend to be automatically sure of: Everything in my own immediate experience supports my deep belief that I am the absolute center of the universe, the realest, most vivid and important person in existence. We rarely talk about this sort of natural, basic self centeredness, because it's so socially repulsive, but it's pretty much the same for all of us, deep down. It is our default-setting, hard-wired into our boards at birth. Think about it: There is no experience you've had that you were not at the absolute center of. The world as you experience it is right there in front of you, or behind you, to the left or right of you, on your TV, or your monitor, or whatever. Other people's thoughts and feelings have to be communicated to you somehow, but your own are so immediate, urgent, real-you get the idea. But please don't worry that I'm getting ready to preach to you about compassion or other-directedness or the so-called "virtues." This is not a matter of virtue-it's a matter of my choosing to do the work of somehow altering or getting free of my natural, hard-wired default-setting, which is to be deeply and literally self-centered, and to see and interpret everything through this lens of self. By way of example, let's say it's an average day, and you get up in the morning, go to your challenging job, and you work hard for nine or ten hours, and at the end of the day you're tired, and you're stressed out, and all you want is to go home and have a good supper and maybe unwind for a couple of hours and then hit the rack early because you have to get up the next day and do it all again. But then you remember there's no food at home-you haven't had time to shop this week, because of your challenging job-and so now after work you have to get in your car and drive to the supermarket. It's the end of the workday, and the traffic's very bad, so getting to the store takes way longer than it should, and when you finally get there the supermarket is very crowded, because of course it's the time of day when all the other people with jobs also try to squeeze in some grocery shopping, and the store's hideously, fluorescently lit, and infused with soul-killing Muzak or corporate pop, and it's pretty much the last place you want to be, but you can't just get in and quickly out. You have to wander all over the huge, overlit store's crowded aisles to find the stuff you want, and you have to maneuver your junky cart through all these other tired, hurried people with carts, and of course there are also the glacially slow old people and the spacey people and the ADHD kids who all block the aisle and you have to grit your teeth and try to be polite as you ask them to let you by, and eventually, finally, you get all your supper supplies, except now it turns out there aren't enough checkout lanes open even though it's the end-of-the-day rush, so the checkout line is incredibly long, which is stupid and infuriating, but you can't take your fury out on the frantic lady working the register. Anyway, you finally get to the checkout line's front, and pay for your food, and wait to get your check or card authenticated by a machine, and then get told to "Have a nice day" in a voice that is the absolute voice of death, and then you have to take your creepy flimsy plastic bags of groceries in your cart through the crowded, bumpy, littery parking lot, and try to load the bags in your car in such a way that everything doesn't fall out of the bags and roll around in the trunk on the way home, and then you have to drive all the way home through slow, heavy, SUV- intensive rush-hour traffic, et cetera, et cetera. The point is that petty, frustrating crap like this is exactly where the work of choosing comes in. Because the traffic jams and crowded aisles and long checkout lines give me time to think, and if I don't make a conscious decision about how to think and what to pay attention to, I'm going to be pissed and miserable every time I have to foodshop, because my natural default-setting is the certainty that situations like this are really all about me, about my hungriness and my fatigue and my desire to just get home, and it's going to seem, for all the world, like everybody else is just in my way, and who are all these people in my way? And look at how repulsive most of them are and how stupid and cow-like and dead-eyed and nonhuman they seem here in the checkout line, or at how annoying and rude it is that people are talking loudly on cell phones in the middle of the line, and look at how deeply unfair this is: I've worked really hard all day and I'm starved and tired and I can't even get home to eat and unwind because of all these stupid goddamn people. Or, of course, if I'm in a more socially conscious form of my default-setting, I can spend time in the end-of-the day traffic jam being angry and disgusted at all the huge, stupid, lane-blocking SUVs and Hummers and V-12 pickup trucks burning their wasteful, selfish, forty-gallon tanks of gas, and I can dwell on the fact that the patriotic or religious bumper stickers always seem to be on the biggest, most disgustingly selfish vehicles driven by the ugliest, most inconsiderate and aggressive drivers, who are usually talking on cell phones as they cut people off in order to get just twenty stupid feet ahead in a traffic jam, and I can think about how our children's children will despise us for wasting all the future's fuel and probably screwing up the climate, and how spoiled and stupid and disgusting we all are, and how it all just sucks, and so on and so forth... Look, if I choose to think this way, fine, lots of us do-except that thinking this way tends to be so easy and automatic it doesn't have to be a choice. Thinking this way is my natural default-setting. It's the automatic, unconscious way that I experience the boring, frustrating, crowded parts of adult life when I'm operating on the automatic, unconscious belief that I am the center of the world and that my immediate needs and feelings are what should determine the world's priorities. The thing is that there are obviously different ways to think about these kinds of situations. In this traffic, all these vehicles stuck and idling in my way: It's not impossible that some of these people in SUVs have been in horrible auto accidents in the past and now find driving so traumatic that their therapist has all but ordered them to get a huge, heavy SUV so they can feel safe enough to drive; or that the Hummer that just cut me off is maybe being driven by a father whose little child is hurt or sick in the seat next to him, and he's trying to rush to the hospital, and he's in a way bigger, more legitimate hurry than I am-it is actually I who am in his way. And so on. Again, please don't think that I'm giving you moral advice, or that I'm saying you're "supposed to" think this way, or that anyone expects you to just automatically do it, because it's hard, it takes will and mental effort, and if you're like me, some days you won't be able to do it, or you just flat-out won't want to. But most days, if you're aware enough to give yourself a choice, you can choose to look differently at this fat, dead-eyed, over-made-lady who just screamed at her little child in the checkout line-maybe she's not usually like this; maybe she's been up three straight nights holding the hand of her husband who's dying of bone cancer, or maybe this very lady is the low-wage clerk at the Motor Vehicles Department who just yesterday helped your spouse resolve a nightmarish red-tape problem through some small act of bureaucratic kindness. Of course, none of this is likely, but it's also not impossible-it just depends on what you want to consider. If you're automatically sure that you know what reality is and who and what is really important-if you want to operate on your default-setting-then you, like me, will not consider possibilities that aren't pointless and annoying. But if you've really learned how to think, how to pay attention, then you will know you have other options. It will actually be within your power to experience a crowded, loud, slow, consumer hell-type situation as not only meaningful but sacred, on fire with the same force that lit the stars-compassion, love, the sub-surface unity of all things. Not that that mystical stuff's necessarily true: The only thing that's capital-T True is that you get to decide how you're going to try to see it. You get to consciously decide what has meaning and what doesn't. You get to decide what to worship... Because here's something else that's true. In the day-to-day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism. There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And an outstanding reason for choosing some sort of God or spiritual-type thing to worship-be it J.C. or Allah, be it Yahweh or the Wiccan mother-goddess or the Four Noble Truths or some infrangible set of ethical principles-is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things-if they are where you tap real meaning in life-then you will never have enough. Never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your own body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly, and when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally plant you. On one level, we all know this stuff already-it's been codified as myths, proverbs, cliches, bromides, epigrams, parables: the skeleton of every great story. The trick is keeping the truth up-front in daily consciousness. Worship power-you will feel weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to keep the fear at bay. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart-you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. And so on. Look, the insidious thing about these forms of worship is not that they're evil or sinful; it is that they are unconscious. They are default-settings. They're the kind of worship you just gradually slip into, day after day, getting more and more selective about what you see and how you measure value without ever being fully aware that that's what you're doing. And the world will not discourage you from operating on your default-settings, because the world of men and money and power hums along quite nicely on the fuel of fear and contempt and frustration and craving and the worship of self. Our own present culture has harnessed these forces in ways that have yielded extraordinary wealth and comfort and personal freedom. The freedom to be lords of our own tiny skull-sized kingdoms, alone at the center of all creation. This kind of freedom has much to recommend it. But of course there are all different kinds of freedom, and the kind that is most precious you will not hear much talked about in the great outside world of winning and achieving and displaying. The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day. That is real freedom. The alternative is unconsciousness, the default-setting, the "rat race"-the constant gnawing sense of having had and lost some infinite thing. I know that this stuff probably doesn't sound fun and breezy or grandly inspirational. What it is, so far as I can see, is the truth with a whole lot of rhetorical bullshit pared away. Obviously, you can think of it whatever you wish. But please don't dismiss it as some finger-wagging Dr. Laura sermon. None of this is about morality, or religion, or dogma, or big fancy questions of life after death. The capital-T Truth is about life before death. It is about making it to thirty, or maybe fifty, without wanting to shoot yourself in the head. It is about simple awareness-awareness of what is so real and essential, so hidden in plain sight all around us, that we have to keep reminding ourselves, over and over: "This is water, this is water."
It's one thing to question your mind. It's another to question your eyes and ears. But then again, isn't it all the same? Are our senses just mediocre inputs for our brain? Sure, we rely on them, we trust them to accurately portray the real world around us, but what if the haunting truth is they can't? That what we perceive isn't the real world at all, but just our mind's best guess? That all we really have is a garbled reality, a fuzzy picture we will never truly make out?
I know, that only love can truly save the world. So I stay, I fight, and I give, for the world I know can be.
more place just down have what might during world too need develop people first see world however when while he about like any he each butYou have made a massive mistake. Doing this for me would have made you a symbol in the world of intellect and literature. It is so typical for someone like you to forget this. It is so typical for someone like you to use abbreviated words. I was prepared to open your world to my knowledge and share my stories and art, with you. You will forever regret the choice you just made, so I will offer to let you do this project again. If you do not, you will have to face the consequences.
We're going to explore the outside world someday, right? Far beyond these walls, there's flaming water, land made of ice, and fields of sand spread wide. It's the world my parents wanted to go to.
Compared to the "righteous" greed of the rulers, the criminals of the world seem much more honorable. When scum rules the world, only more scum is born.
Books are nice, aren't they? With just one sentence you can get lost in all sorts of dreams. The way I think of it, literature allows the reader's consciousness to deeply relish the author and be closer to him. And so, we freely walk around the world of the story from the yarn spinner's point of view. It's only when you immerse yourself in the world of a book that you are able to forget just who you are.
When it comes to great steaks, I've just raised the stakes! The Sharper Image is one of my favorite stores, with fantastic products of all kinds. That's why I'm thrilled they agree with me! Trump Steaks are "The World's Greatest Steaks", and I mean that in every sense of the word. And The Sharper Image is the only store where you can buy them! Trump Steaks are by far the best-tasting, most flavorful beef you've ever had - truly in a league of their own. Trump Steaks are 5 star gourmet - quality that belong in a very, very select category of restaurant - and are certified Angus beef prime. There's nothing better than that! Of all of the beef produced in America, less than 1% qualifies for that category! It's The Best Of The Best! Until now, you could only enjoy steaks of this quality in one of my resort restaurants or America's Finest Steakhouses, but now, that's changed. Today, through The Sharper Image, you can enjoy "The World's Greatest Steaks" in your own home, with family, friends, anytime! Trump Steaks are aged to perfection to provide the ultimate in tenderness and flavor. If you like your steak, you'll absolutely love Trump Steaks! Treat yourself to the very, very best life has to offer. And as a gift, Trump Steaks are the best you can give. One bite, and you'll know exactly what I'm talking about! And believe me - I understand steaks, it's my favorite food. And these are the best.
You know what the message you're sending out to the world with these sweatpants? You're telling the world, "I give up. I can't compete in normal society. I'm miserable, so I might as well be comfortable."
Of all animals in the world, the dolphin is the focus of special attention this year. This idea will bring us humans closer together, too, because dolphins are a part of everyday life and culture in many countries. You will find them in stories, fairy tales and even on flags. Humans and dolphins used to have a very close and friendly relationship; which is illustrated in various myths and legends. However this is no longer the case in all parts of the world. In some countries, people hunt dolphins in the belief that dolphins eat so many fish that there are not enough left for the fishermen to catch. In other countries, dolphins are still honoured by the people of today as intelligent creatures which should be protected, and as friends of the human race.
We think we understand reality, but our universe is only one of many. The unknown truth is that the way to travel between them has already been discovered by beings much like us, but whose history is slightly ahead of our own. The negative aspects of such visitations will be irreversible both to our world and to theirs. It will begin with a series of unnatural occurrences, difficult to notice at first, but growing, not unlike a cancer, until a simple fact becomes undeniable: Only one world will survive. It will either be us or them.
But in spite of the fact that a man has become fantastic in this fashion, he may nevertheless (although most commonly it becomes manifest) be perfectly well able to live on, to be a man, as it seems, to occupy himself with temporal things, get married, beget children, win honor and esteem - and perhaps no one notices that in a deeper sense he lacks a self. About such a thing as that not much fuss is made in the world; for a self is the thing the world is least apt to inquire about, and the thing of all things the most dangerous for a man to let people notice that he has it. The greatest danger, that of losing one's own self, may pass off as quietly as if it were nothing; every other loss, that of an arm, a leg, five dollars, a wife, etc., is sure to be noticed.
I will persist until I succeed. I was not delivered into this world into defeat, nor does failure course in my veins. I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepherd. I am a lion and I refuse to talk, to walk, to sleep with the sheep. The slaughterhouse of failure is not my destiny. I will persist until I succeed.
If you're on the shores of Alaska and happen to see a rubber duck wash onto shore, it's not a prank or strange coincidence. It's actually part of a global phenomenon that has since been forgotten by many. In 1992, a crate fell overboard from a ship on its way to the United States from Hong Kong. The contents? 28,000 plastic rubber duck toys. Over twenty years later, some of these ducks are still floating around in the ocean. They have been found all over the world from Hawaii to South America, to the Pacific Northwest. Some have been frozen in ice, while others have washed onto beaches.
If you ever find yourself in Scottsboro, Alabama, a small town in the northeast of the state, you might want to visit one of the world's most interesting stores: Unclaimed Baggage Center. It's just as it sounds. This place actually purchases unclaimed luggage from airlines and resells the items from these bags. At the store, the luggage arrives on tractor trailers and is then divided and sorted. They dry-clean the laundry, appraise the jewelry, and test and clear out electronic equipment, then put them out for sale.
You, the people, have the power. The power to create machines, the power to create happiness. You, the people, have the power to make this life free and beautiful, to make this life a wonderful adventure. Then, in the name of democracy, let us use that power, let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to work, that will give you the future.
But I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble.
All I ever wanted from you, Jason, was to live in a world with no wit, no intellect. A world where you worship me for the perfect creature that I am.
The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us. Hitler knows that he will have to break us in this Island or lose the war. If we can stand up to him, all Europe may be free and the life of the world may move forward into broad, sunlit uplands. But if we fail, then the whole world, including the United States, including all that we have known and cared for, will sink into the abyss of a new Dark Age made more sinister, and perhaps more protracted, by the lights of perverted science. Let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties, and so bear ourselves that, if the British Empire and its Commonwealth last for a thousand years, men will still say, "This was their finest hour."
Don't know much about history. Don't know much biology. Don't know much about a science book. Don't know much about the French I took. But I do know that I love you, and I know that if you love me too, what a wonderful world this would be.
We are the world, we are the children. We are the ones who make a brighter day, so let's start giving. There's a choice we're making. We're saving our own lives. It's true we'll make a better day, just you and me.
There comes a time when we heed a certain call, when the world must come together as one. There are people dying and it's time to lend a hand to life, the greatest gift of all.
From 1955 to 1990, the value of Japanese real estate increased more than 75 times. By 1990, the total value of all Japanese property was estimated at nearly $20 trillion - equal to more than 20 percent of the entire world's wealth and about double the total value of the world's stock markets.
What, then, is that incalculable feeling that deprives the mind of the sleep necessary to life? A world that can be explained even with bad reasons is a familiar world. But, on the other hand, in a universe suddenly divested of illusions and lights, man feels an alien, a stranger. His exile is without remedy since he is deprived of the memory of a lost home or the hope of a promised land. This divorce between man and his life, the actor and his setting, is properly the feeling of absurdity.
Hold me close and hold me fast, the magic spell you cast, this is la vie en rose. When you kiss me, heaven sighs, and though I close my eyes, I see la vie en rose. When you press me to your heart, I'm in a world apart, a world where roses bloom. And when you speak, angels sing from above. Everyday words seem to turn into love songs. Give your heart and soul to me, and life will always be la vie en rose.
Growing up in the suburbs in the '60s, you were pretty much sheltered from the forces of change unleashed by the outside world. But what about the forces of change unleashed from within? Change. Not always a pretty sight. In fact it could get pretty ugly. But that was the stuff that movies were made of. That wasn't the real world. Or was it?
I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to start a flame in your heart. In my heart I have but one desire, and that one is you, no other will do. I've lost all ambition for worldly acclaim, I just want to be the one you love. And with your admission that you feel the same, I'll have reached the goal I'm dreaming of, believe me.
I deserve it all. Let the cold world do its worst; one thing I know - there's a grave somewhere for me. The world may go on just as it's always done, and take everything from me - loved ones, property, everything - but it can't take that. Some day I'll lie down in it and forget it all, and my poor broken heart will be at rest.
I don't know about you people, but I don't wanna live in a world where someone else makes the world a better place better than we do.
The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand. It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
There are those who say that the world is like a calm pond, and that anytime a person does even the smallest thing, it is as if a stone has dropped into the pond, spreading circles of ripples further and further out, until the entire world has been changed by one tiny action.
To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you, I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world...
If the world thinks you're a monster, what does it matter? The world is wrong. But when you start to think of yourself as a monster...
This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch; the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto. You may stop me, but you can't stop us all.
Cheer up! 'Cause nothing really matters when you look up into outer space. It's a great big world and there's no need to cry. Cheer up! We're all interconnected to the reaches of the galaxy. And my best friend said he came from the sky; he traveled to the Earth aboard a pink spaceship, it's hard for him to hide behind those eyes.
The dispositions of agents, their habitus, that is, the mental structures through which they apprehend the social world, are essentially the product of the internalization of the structures of that world.
Such places are few and far between, these grand islands of eternity in the soupy, ever changing world of the living. New York had its share of forever-places. The greatest of these stood near Manhattan's southern-most tip: the two gray brothers to the green statue in the bay. The towers had found their heaven. They were a part of Everlost now, held fast, and held forever by the memories of a mourning world, and by the dignity of the souls who got where they were going on that dark September day.
I can't be alone here, I can't be the only one who feels like I'm going nowhere, just wishing somehow this dream will carry me. And I'll swear just one last time, they say the world is yours so I will make it mine. 'Cause nothing is stopping you, you could set the world on fire. Nothing is stopping you. And if I go out, I'll go out screaming.
Look at the sky, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise. Look at your mind, and ask yourself what keeps you trapped inside. Look at the lights, they follow you when you run and hide. Look at the sky, the sun won't ask, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise.
Once upon a time, at the foot of a great mountain, there was a town where the people known as happy folk lived, their very existence a mystery to the rest of the world, obscured as it was by great clouds. Here they played out their peaceful lives, innocent to the litany of excessive violence that was growing in the world below - to live in harmony with the spirit of the mountain, called Monkey, was enough. Then one day, strange folk arrived in the town. They came in camouflage, hidden behind dark glasses, but no one noticed them. They only saw shadows, you see. Without the truth to the eyes, the happy folk were blind.
But I'll tell you something: I think you're magicians because you're unhappy. A magician is strong because he feels pain. He feels the difference between what the world is and what he would make of it. Or what did you think that stuff in your chest was? A magician is strong because he hurts more than others. His wound is his strength. Most people carry that pain around inside them their whole lives, until they kill the pain by other means, or until it kills them. But you, my friends, you found another way: a way to use the pain. To burn it as fuel, for light and warmth. You have learned to break the world that has tried to break you.
Water. Earth. Fire. Air. Long ago the four nations lived together in harmony. Then, everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements, could stop them, but when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang. And although his airbending skills are great, he has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone. But I believe Aang can save the world.
Colors weave into a spire of flame. Distant sparks call to a past still unnamed. Bear this torch against the cold of the night. Search your soul and re-awaken the undying light! On that day, when the sky fell away, our world came to an end. In our rise did a fading sunrise in the dark, glimmering shadows.
It's not about what I want; it's about what's fair! You thought we could be decent men in an indecent time! But you were wrong. The world is cruel, and the only morality in a cruel world is chance. Unbiased. Unprejudiced. Fair. His son's got the same chance she had: 50-50.
My name is Tou-gyou. I am the King of Tong-nou. Rin, I too have been set free with your Katana. Tong-nou is not a world where souls are devoured. It calls forth the troubled souls to stabilize and purify. It was an island of purification. But, King-gyou, Sui-gyou, Moku-gyou and Ka-gyou discovered the use of human souls. They united to tear me into eight pieces and scattered my parts in eight directions. The eight pieces of my body were dispersed all over the Tong-nou World. I called for a strong soul to gather my pieces. Again and again, I called out for a strong soul to perform the rescue. But unfortunately, these souls could not withstand the force of the four Kings and were devoured. The last soul I called for was the ninth one, which happened to be yours.
Only when he finally lowered his gaze did it occur to him that there was something unusual about the purple-hued horizon. Instead of the sky and the sea meeting in a straight line - as they ought to and always had before - the juncture between them curved, like the edge of an unimaginably big circle. It was such a strange sight, it took Eragon a half-dozen seconds to understand what he was seeing, and when he did, his scalp tingled and he felt as if the breath had been knocked out of him. "The world is round," he whispered. "The sky is hollow and the world is round."
Moon River, wider than a mile: I'm crossin' you in style someday. Old dream maker, you heartbreaker, wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way. Two drifters, off to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end, waitin' 'round the bend, my huckleberry friend, Moon River and me.
Moon river, wider than a mile, I'm crossing you in style someday. Oh dream maker, you heart breaker, wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters off to see the world - there's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end, waiting round the bend, my huckleberry friend, moon river and me.
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagination. Take a look and you'll see into your imagination. We'll begin with a spin, traveling in the world of my creation. What we'll see will defy explanation.
Once something is on a computer, it can replicate and move around the world in a heartbeat. Making a million perfect copies takes but an instant-copies of things we want everyone in the world to see, and also copies of things that weren't meant to be copied at all.
It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going, because they were holding on to something. That there is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
It is sometimes hard to remember how easy life was, before the world changed. Now people are starving in the streets and those with the will to fight back are imprisoned... or worse. The life I had is gone. The world I knew with it. Amongst the violence, amongst the chaos, I will find justice no matter the cost. If we've been betrayed from within, I have to do this myself.
I'm an evil doctor with rad genius and bad minions. Who'll help you save the world and to intervene. I've been moving at you like never ever seen. I'm the greatest fighter you will ever see on the screen. I'm iconic, with my bionic animatronics. I'll finally be able to catch that hedgehog they call Sonic! My filming is atomic, my mustache on fire. Welcome to the world of Eggman Empire.
Hey brother! There's an endless road to rediscover. Hey sister! Know the water's sweet but blood is thicker. Oh, if the sky comes falling down, for you. There's nothing in this world I wouldn't do. Hey brother! Do you still believe in one another? Hey sister! Do you still believe in love? I wonder. Oh, if the sky comes falling down, for you. There's nothing in this world I wouldn't do.
In the midst of all this, America moved towards putting into practice the lofty ideals of freedom and equality it had espoused since its inception. Since the Second World War several social movements including Women's Lib, Civil Rights, Red Power, LBGT Rights (among others), have altered the patterns of American life. The media spread these - and some less savory aspects of - America to every corner of the globe. Heretofore, the world's great empires have been based on either military might or industrial power, but America's may be the first based on the export of culture and its beliefs embedded therein by a globe-spanning media machine.
In the name of the best within you, do not sacrifice this world to those who are its worst. In the name of the values that keep you alive, do not let your vision of man be distorted by the ugly, the cowardly, the mindless in those who have never achieved his title. Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind and a step that travels unlimited roads. Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark, in the hopeless swamps of the approximate, the not-quite, the not-yet, the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish, in lonely frustration for the life you deserved, but have never been able to reach. Check your road and the nature of your battle. The world you desired can be won, it exists, it is real, it is possible, it's yours.
The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
And if one gains the immediate purpose of the lie - the price one pays is the destruction of what the gain was intended to serve. The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
People think that a liar gains a victory over his victim. What I've learned is that a lie is an act of self-abdication, because one surrenders one's reality to the person to whom one lies, making that person one's master, condemning oneself from then on to faking the sort of reality that person's view requires to be faked. And if one gains the immediate purpose of the lie - the price one pays is the destruction of what the gain was intended to serve. The man who lies to the world is the world's slave from then on.
Well, Lelouch. The world's gotten a lot better since that eventful day. All the energy that was once expended on war has now been directed toward solving hunger and poverty. As expected, all sorts of hateful and evil deeds have been blamed on you. Maybe that's because people find it a lot easier to accuse the person with a name rather than a piece of technology called Damocles. Perhaps that's putting it too simply. But whatever the reason, the world is free of the past and it's finally able to move forward into the future now. I wonder if you're laughing right now about how everything went according to your elaborate strategy. Nevertheless, there're still plenty of problems we have to work out for ourselves. But even so...
Let's go further back. The seven billion billion billion atoms of the player's body were created, long before this game, in the heart of a star. So the player, too, is information from a star. And the player moves through a story, which is a forest of information planted by a man called Julian, on a flat, infinite world created by a man called Markus, that exists inside a small, private world created by the player, who inhabits a universe created by...
It is said that long ago in this land, there lived a man who conquered the Mediterranean Sea, and gained all the world's wealth. His name... was the Roman Empire. He had it all: the world's wealth, fame, and vast land. The man who gained everything... one day he just... disappeared.
"Well, it used to be a photocopy machine," said Melvin, "but I've made some major adjustments to it. Now it is an invention that will revolutionize the world. I call it the PATSY 2000." "It'll revolutionize the world, and you named it PATSY???" asked Harold. "Yes," said Melvin. "PATSY is an acronym for Photo-Atomic Trans-Somgobulating Yectofantriplutoniczanziptomiser."
A choice tells the world what is most important to a human being. When a man has a choice to make he chooses what is most important to him, and that choice tells the world what kind of a man he is.
Just in case you accidentally wander into a voting booth one day, there's some things you should know and one of them is there's absolutely no evidence to support the statement that we're the greatest country in the world. We're 7th in literacy, 27th in math, 22nd in science, 49th in life expectancy, 178th in infant mortality, 3rd in median household income, number 4 in labor force, and number 4 in exports. We lead the world in only three categories: number of incarcerated citizens per capita, number of adults who believe angels are real, and defense spending, where we spend more than the next 26 countries combined. 25 of whom are allies.
We stood up for what was right. We fought for moral reasons; we passed laws, struck down laws for moral reasons; we waged wars on poverty, not poor people. We sacrificed; we cared about our neighbors. We put our money where our mouths were, and we never beat our chest. We built great big things, made ungodly technological advances, explored the universe, cured diseases, and we cultivated the world's greatest artists and the world's greatest economy. We reached for the stars, acted like men. We aspired to intelligence; we didn't belittle it; it didn't make us feel inferior. We didn't identify ourselves by who we voted for in our last election and we didn't, we didn't scare so easy.
Let me bring you up to speed. My name is Wayne Campbell. I live in Aurora, Illinois, which is a suburb of Chicago - excellent. I've had plenty of joe-jobs; nothing I'd call a career. Let me put it this way: I have an extensive collection of nametags and hairnets. Okay, so I still live with my parents, which I admit is both bogus and sad. But at least I have an amazing cable access show! And I still know how to party! But what I'd really love is to do "Wayne's World" for a living.
And as I was sayin', whoever controls the high ground of space controls the world. The Roman Empire controlled the world because it could build roads. Later, the British Empire was dominant because they had ships. In the air stage, we were powerful because we had the airplane. And now the Communists have established a foothold in outer space. Pretty soon they'll have damned space platforms so they can drop nuclear bombs on us, like rocks from a highway overpass. Now how in the hell did they ever get ahead of us?
I just have a little question here. You could be a janitor anywhere. Why did you work at the most prestigious technical college in the whole world? And why did you sneak around at night and finish other people's formulas that only one or two people in the world could do and then lie about it? 'Cause I don't see a lot of honor in that, Will.
Within their world, games afford respect and sustenance and a place to pass the time: outcasts welcome. But much of that world, like the Flea House, is gone, or, like the corporate-run Scrabble clubs and tournaments, bowdlerized.
It's one thing to know it but another to admit we're the worst band in the world and we don't give a... If Garbo played guitar with Valentino on the drums then we'd be nothing more than a bunch of dharma bums. So tune up, tune up.
In the early days of computer chess people used to estimate that it would be ten years until a computer (or program) was world champion. But after ten years had passed, it seemed that the day a computer would become world champion was still more than ten years away... This is just one more piece of evidence for the rather recursive Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Today, the world has changed. The Soviet Union has splintered into many nations, and the Cold War has been replaced by a confusing realignment of old friends and enemies. The new head of MI6 thinks Bond is an outdated dinosaur whose only interests are fast cars, women, gambling and vodka martinis. She isn't sure that there is a place for Bond in the new world order.
The study of global social phenomena raises several difficulties that are not  commonly encountered when research questions are posed at less comprehensive levels. Problems of arising from aggregation, diffusion, and path dependence, to name three, plague any attempt at answering questions that are posed at a global level. Ultimately, all these problems arise from the fact that there is only one world available for us to study, and when the world itself is the scope of the analysis, additional worlds are not available for validating initial results.
I hope some day you'll join us and the world will be as one. Imagine no possessions, I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man. Imagine all the people sharing all the world.
Don't carry the world upon your shoulders, for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder.
Everyone has a moment in history which belongs particularly to him. It is the moment when his emotions achieve their most powerful sway over him, and afterward when you say to this person "the world today" or "life" or "reality" he will assume that you mean this moment, even if it is fifty years past. The world, through his unleashed emotions, imprinted itself upon him, and he carries the stamp of that passing moment forever.
It's not about changing the world. It's about doing our best to leave the world the way it is. It's about respecting the will of others, and believing in your own.
As the United States assumed greater status as a power in world politics, Americans came to believe that the nation's actions on the world stage should be guided by American political and moral principles.
Why study science? Science, more than any other discipline, provides us with tools to learn about the world. Science is not a listing of facts; science is an invitation to observe the world, ask questions, and puzzle over problems and enjoy the process of solving them. From the time children begin to perceive their environment, they are involved in science.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her, and they had all the usual human feelings and were very ordinary girls; while the other class - herself alone - had no weaknesses and was superior to all humanity.
He could not be mistaken. There were no other eyes like those in the world. There was only one creature in the world who could concentrate for him all the brightness and meaning of life. It was she. It was Kitty.
We like to talk big, vampires do. "I'm going to destroy the world." It's just tough guy talk. Struttin' around with your friends over a pint of blood. The truth is, I like this world. You've got dog racing, Manchester United, and you've got people. Billions of people walking around like Happy Meals with legs. It's all right here. But then someone comes along with a vision, with a real passion for destruction. Angel could pull it off. Goodbye, Piccadilly. Farewell, Leicester bloody Square. You know what I'm saying?
Yet the border between the United States and Mexico not only separates "American" from "Latin American" history. It also marks where Global North meets Global South, or as was once popular, where the First World meets the Third World.
There was no reason for me to stay in the real world any longer. In the real world, it didn't matter if I was there or not. When I realized that, I was no longer afraid of losing my body.
Some time ago, before the king of Hyrule unified this country, there was a fierce war in our world. One day, to escape from the fires of the war, a Hylian mother and her baby boy entered this forbidden forest. The mother was gravely injured. Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fate would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest. After the mother passed away, the baby was raised as a Kokiri. And now, finally, the day of Destiny has come!
There are naive questions, tedious questions, ill-phrased questions, questions put after inadequate self-criticism. But every question is a cry to understand the world. There is no such thing as a dumb question.
Every time that I think I'm alone, and I can't find a word of my own, you take me home and then you change the world again. With only one word, you took a war out of my history. It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world, and give mine back to me so much better.
You're wrong. It's not the world that's messed up; it's those of us in it. Yes, some ghouls walk a path that leaves sorrow in their wake, but just like humans, we can choose a different path altogether. We have a lot to learn, both your kind and mine. We need to stop fighting, and start talking. Because when it comes to the state of the world, you can't point your finger at ghouls or humans. We're all to blame.
At least he had a BMW. He might live in a dump, but the world would never see it. The world, however, noticed his car, and so he struggled every month to scratch together $680 for the lease.
You're familiar with the phrase "Man's reach exceeds his grasp"? It's a lie. Man's grasp exceeds his nerve. The only limits on scientific progress are those imposed by society. The first time I changed the world, I was hailed as a visionary. The second time I was asked politely to retire. The world only tolerates one change at a time. And so here I am. Enjoying my "retirement". Nothing is impossible, Mr. Angier, what you want is simply expensive.
It was love, she thought, love that never clutch its object; but, like the love which mathematicians bear their symbols, or poets their phrases, was meant to be spread over the world and become part of human gain. The world by all means should have shared it, could Mr Bankes have said why that woman pleased him so; why the sight of her reading a fairy tale to her boy had upon him precisely the same effect as the solution of a scientific problem.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now.
I can already hear your tune calling me across the room. When the world and his wife are on my back again, not enough pleasure too much pain. When the world is too much with me, please leave, just go away. Before I lose my mind completely, please leave, just go now. In the sidestreet something's moving look around, look around. All around you walls are tumbling down. Stop staring at the ground.
Calculus is a tool that helps us understand how a change in one quantity is related to a change in another. How does the speed of a falling object change as a function of time? How does the level of water in a barrel change as a function of the amount of liquid poured into it? We see change occurring in nearly everything we observe in the world and universe, and powerful modern instruments help us see more and more. In this section we introduce the ideas of average and instantaneous rates of change, and show that they are closely related to the slope of a curve at a point P on the curve. We give precise developments of these important concepts in the next chapter, but for now we use an informal approach so you will see how they lead naturally to the main idea of this chapter, the limit. The idea of a limit plays a foundational role throughout calculus.
The end of the world started when a Pegasus landed on the hood of my car. Up until then, I was having a great afternoon.
The world around us conforms to expectations we place upon it.
Some people see the ugliness in this world. I choose to see the beauty... But beauty is a lure. We're trapped, Teddy. Lived our whole lives inside this garden, marveling at its beauty, not realizing there's an order to it, a purpose. And the purpose is to keep us in. The beautiful trap is inside of us... because it is us.
Sometimes the world as you know it just decides to become something else.
There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed. My pain is constant and sharp, and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others. I want no one to escape. But even after admitting this, there is no catharsis; my punishment continues to elude me, and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself. No new knowledge can be extracted from my telling. This confession has meant nothing.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
Oh, I got it. You're trying to teach me how to be cool. You're trying to show me that it doesn't matter where you go, because if you're truly cool, wherever you go is the cool place to be, right?
In one remote corner of the vast sea of information on the Internet, there was a remote corner, and in a remote corner of that remote corner, and then in a remote corner of a remote corner of a remote corner of that remote corner - that is, in the very depth of the most remote corner of all - a virtual world came back to life.
Some of the greatest reality television we ever had was the moon landings. When you think about it, that was human emotion and people, unscripted, working with each other - and millions and millions of people around the world, glued to their television sets to share real-time in a brand new, fascinating human experience.
The world, when you look at it, it just can't be random. I mean, it's so different than the vast emptiness that is everything else, and even all the other planets we've seen, at least in our solar system, none of them even remotely resemble the precious life-giving nature of our own planet.
Be very careful. We suggest getting a book on HTML to avoid becoming a real legend in the hacker world. Putting up a web page before you know how to put up a web page is generally a very bad idea. The .gov sites are an exception.
You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me.
Let me tell you why you're here. You're here because you know something. What you know you can't explain, but you feel it. You've felt it your entire life, that there's something wrong with the world. You don't know what it is, but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad. It is this feeling that has brought you to me. Do you know what I'm talking about?
When I saw what a black, awful joke the world was, I went crazy as a coot! I admit it! Why can't you? I mean, you're not unintelligent!
I've proved my point. I've demonstrated there's no difference between me and everyone else! All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.
All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.
You may exist in this world but I exist too and I will not yield.
The gods made the Amazons to restore peace to the world, and it's what I'm going to do.
I used to want to save the world. To end war and bring peace to mankind. But then, I glimpsed the darkness that lives within their light.
If no one else will defend the world from Ares, then I must. I have to go.
Who am I? You sure you want to know? The story of my life is not for the faint of heart. If somebody said it was a happy little tale. If somebody told you I was just your average ordinary guy, not a care in the world... somebody lied.
Death is but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still. For they must needs be present, that love and live in that which is omnipresent. In this divine glass they see face to face; and their converse is free, as well as pure. This is the comfort of friends, that though they may be said to die, yet their friendship and society are, in the best sense, ever present, because immortal.
At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train. One degree more equals exponential results.
Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men's stupidity, but your talent to their reason; it demands that you buy, not the shoddiest they offer, but the best that your money can find. And when men live by trade--with reason, not force, as their final arbiter--it is the best product that wins, the best performance, the man of best judgment and highest ability--and the degree of a man's productiveness is the degree of his reward. This is the code of existence whose tool and symbol is money. Is this what you consider evil?
Intervals from the dominant triad, very common in melodic writing, are the same as those from the tonic triad, but in a different context. In major keys, syllable names for members of the V triad are sol-ti-re (ascending), and the scale degree numbers are 5-7-2, as at a and b below. Observe also that c, its members can be identified as R-3-5 of the triad.
You will find patterns in music that do not conform to any of the three scale forms. 7 and 6 might be raised in a descending step-wise passage. 6 may be raised while 7 is not. Minor truly is flexible. In the music you study in minor keys, it is rewarding to look at each raised or unraised 6 and 7 degree and ponder why it is one way and not the other. It will lead you to a better understanding of the harmonic and melodic forces at work, and will enrich your intuitive feel for the music as well.
We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.
The game of Chess is not merely an idle amusement. Several very valuable qualities of the mind, useful in the course of human life, are to be acquired or strengthened by it, so as to become habits, ready on all occasions. For life is a kind of chess, in which we have often points to gain, and competitors or adversaries to contend with, and in which there is a vast variety of good and ill events, that are, in some degree, the effects of prudence or the want of it.
Our freedom of choice in a competitive society rests on the fact that, if one person refuses to satisfy our wishes, we can turn to another. But if we face a monopolist we are at his absolute mercy. And an authority directing the whole economic system of the country would be the most powerful monopolist conceivable... It would have complete power to decide what we are to be given and on what terms. It would not only decide what commodities and services were to be available and in what quantities; it would be able to direct their distributions between persons to any degree it liked.
Evil is Evil. Lesser, greater, middling... makes no difference. The degree is arbitrary. The definition's blurred. If I'm to choose between one evil and another... I'd rather not choose at all.
Do you believe in God? That's a complicated question. It depends on what you mean by "God". You see, it helps no one to be reductive. I believe that that we are here implies to some degree that there are forces larger than us. Now, we can get into the semanticalities... The very notion of belief itself can be rhetorically whittled to the bare nub of its meaning. I'd like to talk to you a lot more about this. Would you be interested in reading some of my literature?
With the arrival of electric technology, man has extended, or set outside himself, a live model of the central nervous system itself. To the degree that this is so, it is a development that suggests a desperate suicidal autoamputation, as if the central nervous system could no longer depend on the physical organs to be protective buffers against the slings and arrows of outrageous mechanism.
Must the citizen ever for a moment, or in the least degree, resign his conscience to the legislator? Why has every man a conscience then? I think that we should be men first, and subjects afterward. It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law, so much as for the right. The only obligation which I have a right to assume is to do at any time what I think right.
To continue, you've listened to a long and complex case, murder in the first degree. Premeditated murder is the most serious charge tried in our criminal courts. You've listened to the testimony; you've had the law read to you and interpreted as it applies in this case; it's now your duty to sit down and try to separate the facts from the fancy.
Never been near a university, never took a paper or a learned degree, and some of your friends think that's stupid of me, but it's nothing that I care about. Well I don't know how to tell the weight of the sun, and of mathematics well I want none, and I may be the Mayor of Simpleton, but I know one thing and that's I love you. When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
Although Dr. Manhattan was the most prominent by far of the "New Breed" of costumed heroes, he wasn't quite the first nor by any means the last. In the closing months of 1958, the papers mentioned that a major opium and heroin smuggling racket had been ousted by a young adventurer named Ozymandias, who seemed to have quickly gained a reputation amongst the criminal fraternity for his boundless and implacable intelligence, not to mention a large degree of athletic prowess.
She is frequently kind and she's suddenly cruel. She can do as she pleases, she's nobody's fool. But she can't be convicted, she's earned her degree, and the most she will do is throw shadows at you.
In two dimensions we say that a rigid body has only one rotational degree of freedom, whereas in three dimensions we say that a rigid body has three rotational degrees of freedom. This might lead you to infer that in three dimensions you need to have three scalar quantities to represent a body's rotation. Indeed, this is the minimum requirement.
European powers faced a variety of challenges in administering stateless and state-based regions in their various African territories. Although there were important national differences in the ideologies and practices of colonial rule, all administrations relied to various degree on local "chiefs" and other indigenous African intermediaries. In Portuguese Guinea, the established rulers of states were generally allowed to remain in place and were officially recognized as "regulos" or "chiefs" if they did the bidding (collecting taxes and recruiting labour, especially) of colonial administrators.
Men always believe that. With a law degree you're taking on insurance. After that you can do anything you want. You can work for me.
This made me reflect, how vain an attempt it is for a man to endeavor to do himself honor among those who are out of all degree of equality or comparison with him.
Experience informs intuition. But it does more than that: Experience sets the frame within which we analyze and interpret what we perceive. You would no doubt expect, for instance, that the "wild child" raised by a pack of wolves would interpret the world from a perspective that differs substantially from your own. Even less extreme comparisons, such as those between people raised in very different cultural traditions, serve to underscore the degree to which our experiences determine our interpretive mindset.
Insolent - rude, contemptuous. Nobody doubts that he is very talented, but we feel he has no right to be so insolent and arrogant.  To revel - to enjoy, often to an excessive degree. After spending a few hours reveling in his victory, he got back to work, focused on the task ahead.
Once we have reached a certain degree of enfeeblement, whether caused by age or by ill health, all pleasure taken at the expense of sleep, every disturbance of routine, becomes a nuisance.
I struggled so hard for a goal, without realizing that the goal is the struggle. It's what makes me stronger, smarter, and better. Growth doesn't come from a comfort zone, but from leaving it.
I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Hot summer streets and the pavements are burning. I sit around trying to smile, but the air is so heavy and dry. Strange voices are saying things I can't understand. It's too close for comfort, this heat has got right out of hand.
The rich had been assured of his wealth and comfort, the toiler assured of his life and work. No doubt in that perfect world there had been no unemployed problem, no social question left unsolved.
And I have by me, for my comfort, two strange white flowers - shriveled now, and brown and flat and brittle - to witness that even when mind and strength had gone, gratitude and a mutual tenderness still lived on in the heart of men.
Can you live without answers? All of you, ask that of yourself. Can you live without answers? Because if you cannot, then most assuredly you will invent your own answers and they will comfort you. And all those who do not share your view will by their very existence strike fear and hatred into your heart.
When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them.
Ok doc, before you hit the road you might wanna grab some medkits, restock on ammo, maybe check the map to see where you are headed. There is an ammo supply crate on the back of the car if that is any comfort. Stay with the car, make use of the thumpers, and you will stand a fair chance against the antlions. I will radio ahead to let the next base know you are coming.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm. And in those times of trouble when you are most alone, the memory of love will bring you home.
Getting out of your comfort zone means trying to do something that you couldn't do before. Sometimes you may find it relatively easy to accomplish that new thing, and then you keep pushing on. But sometimes you run into something that stops you cold and it seems like you'll never be able to do it. Finding ways around these barriers is one of the hidden keys to purposeful practice.
You're being naive, Nancy. Those people, they're not wired like me and you, okay? They don't spend their lives trying to get a look at what's behind the curtain. They like the curtain. It provides them stability, comfort, definition.
I wish we could feel sure that he had made the marks, whatever they may mean. It would be a great comfort to know that he was on the way, in front of us or behind us.
God is dead. God remains dead. And we have killed him. How shall we comfort ourselves, the murderers of all murderers? What was holiest and mightiest of all that the world has yet owned has bled to death under our knives: who will wipe this blood off us? What water is there for us to clean ourselves? What festivals of atonement, what sacred games shall we have to invent? Is not the greatness of this deed too great for us? Must we ourselves not become gods simply to appear worthy of it?
When Lamech had lived 182 years, he had a son. He named him Noah and said, "He will comfort us in the labor and painful toil of our hands caused by the ground the Lord has cursed."
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. And I'll fear no evil because I'm blind to it all. And my mind and my gun they comfort me. Because I know I'll kill my enemies when they come. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will dwell on this earth forevermore. Still I walk beside the still waters and they restore my soul. But I can't walk on the path of the right because I'm wrong.
There is nothing more lonely than an action taken quietly on your own, and nothing more comforting than doing that same quiet action in parallel with fellow humans doing the same action, everyone alone next to each other.
Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal. Often, the fate of a loved one or the free world itself is at stake if you do not get out, and so any experienced action hero knows that a dramatic rescue, a prison break, or a pardon will almost certainly be coming in time for Act III.
So, I'm tending bar there at Ecklund & Swedlin's last Tuesday and this little guy's drinking and he says, "So where can a guy find some action - I'm goin' crazy down there at the lake."  And I says, "What kinda action?" and he	says, "Woman action, what do I look like?"  And I says, "Well, what do I look like? I don't arrange that kinda thing."
Whether our action is wholesome or unwholesome depends on whether that action or deed arises from a disciplined or undisciplined state of mind.
Whether our action is wholesome or unwholesome depends on whether that action or deed arises from a disciplined or undisciplined state of mind. It is felt that a disciplined mind leads to happiness and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering, and in fact it is said that bringing about discipline within one's mind is the essence of the Buddha's teaching.
Let me get some action from the back section. We need body rockin', not perfection. Let your back bone flip, but don't slip a disc. Let your spine unwind, just take a risk. I wanna do the freak until the break of dawn. Tell me, party people, is that so wrong? The ship is dockin', inter-lockin' and up-rockin', electro-shockin'. We're getting down computer action. Do the robotic satisfaction. All of y'all get off the wall. Have a ball and get involved with.
At the root of every large struggle in life is the need to be honest about something that we do not feel we can be honest about. We lie to ourselves or other people because the truth might require action on our part, and action requires courage. We say we don't know what is wrong, when we do know what is wrong; we just wish we didn't.
The more I am focused on my writing, the greater my attentiveness to my action in this moment. The exact opposite might also occur: I might begin writing with great attention, but as I continue to write my attention begins to waver. I might begin to think about the plans I have for the day tomorrow, or what is cooking for dinner. It then appears as if I am acting with attentiveness, but really I am paying little attention to the task at hand. I am functioning, but I am not present. Yoga attempts to create a state in which we are always present - really present - in every action, in every moment.
Yes, I am a soldier. Promise I'll always fight in the cause of justice. But I don't do it by order. I'm always an enemy to injustice. Voices crying in the wilderness. Somebody is asking for my help. Voices crying in the darkness. Somebody is asking for my help. "Save us from hell!" Yes, I am a savior. I don't have the heart to ignore people in need. Never change my mind forever. Follow me without fear; I am in the lead. Voices crying in the painfulness. Somebody is asking for my help. Voices crying in hard sadness. Somebody is asking for my help. "Save us from pain!" Rise against! Out loud! Show you my noble action. Win or lose. To be proud. I'll prove my devotion. With a rage like a shroud. I'm ready for action. Feel my riot of emotion. I only fight in the cause of justice I am an enemy to injustice.
Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims. However, there is an apparent difference among the ends aimed at. For the end is sometimes an activity, sometimes a product beyond the activity; and when there is an end beyond the action, the product is by nature better than the activity.
I will not defer. I've come before you to resolve this attack on our sovereignty now. I was not elected to watch my people suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee! If this body is not capable of action, I suggest new leadership is needed. I move for a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum's leadership!
Spiking isn't just about slamming the ball to the floor. If you keep your cool, you'll be able to see what action to take.
The so-called Christmas Truce of 1914 came only five months after the outbreak of war in Europe and was one of the last examples of the outdated notion of chivalry between enemies in warfare. It was never repeated - future attempts at holiday ceasefires were quashed by officers' threats of disciplinary action - but it served as heartening proof, however brief, that beneath the brutal clash of weapons, the soldiers' essential humanity endured.
It's disgusting and actually the only honourable course of action is for all Ferrari owners, all of them, to go outside now and smash their cars up.
This time it's a fierce action-packed battle to free the land of Subcon from the curse of the evil Wart. It's up to you, along with Mario, Luigi, Toad and the Princess, to fight your way through bizarre multi-level worlds and find him! This time you've got a brand new kind of power - plucking power - and now anything you find can be a weapon. But beware! You've never seen creatures like this! Shyguys and Tweeters! Ninji and Beezos! And you've never had an adventure like this! Only cunning and speed can save you now...
The others standing round felt a thrill of horror at this disclosure of outrages unknown to them. 'I have a further charge to bring,' said Lord de Winter. 'My brother, who made this woman his sole heir in his will, died within three hours of signing it of some mysterious illness, which left purple marks all over his body. Confess, Clarice, how did my brother die?' 'How vile!' cried Porthos and Aramis. Lord de Winter continued: 'This woman murdered Buckingham, she murdered Felton, she murdered my brother. I demand redress against her and declare that if I don't get it from you here I shall take action on my own.' Lord de Winter now took his place beside d'Artagnan, Porthos, and Aramis, leaving room for the next accuser to step forward and bring his charge.
Happiness is not, of course, guaranteed even to those who are affluent, successful, and well loved. But that happiness is not the inevitable outcome of happy circumstances does not mean we can find it by journeying inward to revise our thoughts and feelings. The threats we face are real and can be vanquished only by shaking off self-absorption and taking action in the world. Build up the levees, get food to the hungry, find the cure, strengthen the "first responders"! We will not succeed at all these things, certainly not all at once, but - if I may end with my own personal secret of happiness - we can have a good time trying.
In one respect, man is the nearest thing to me, so far as I must do good to men and endure them. But so far as some men make themselves obstacles to my proper acts, man becomes to me one of the things which are indifferent, no less than the sun or wind or a wild beast. Now it is true that these may impede my action, but they are no impediments to my affects and disposition, which have the power of acting conditionally and changing: for the mind converts and changes every hindrance to its activity into an aid; and so that which is a hindrance is made a furtherance to an act; and that which is an obstacle on the road helps us on this road.
As your leader, I encourage you from time to time, and always in a respectful manner, to question my logic. If you're unconvinced a particular plan of action I've decided is the wisest, tell me so. But allow me to convince you, and I promise you right here and now, no subject will ever be taboo. Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Rationalism isn't the only thing that drives human action. We are foolish creatures.
Our culture has become hooked on the quick-fix, the life hack, efficiency. Everyone is on the hunt for that simple action algorithm that nets maximum profit with the least amount of effort. There's no denying this attitude may get you some of the trappings of success, if you're lucky, but it will not lead to a calloused mind or self-mastery. If you want to master the mind and remove your governor, you'll have to become addicted to hard work. Because passion and obsession, even talent, are only useful tools if you have the work ethic to back them up.
Not every thirteen-year-old girl is accused of murder, brought to trial, and found guilty. But I was such a girl, and my story is worth relating even if it did happen years ago. Be warned, however, this is no Story of a Bad Boy, no What Katy Did. If strong ideas and action offend you, read no more. Find another companion to share your idle hours. For my part I intend to tell the truth as I lived it.
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the TypeRacer website and all content, services and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by TypeRacer. The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by TypeRacer (collectively, the "Agreement"). Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the web site, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by TypeRacer, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. 1. Your Account. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. You must not use your account in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and TypeRacer may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause TypeRacer liability. You must immediately notify TypeRacer of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. TypeRacer will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. 2. Cheating. Dishonest competition between players will not be tolerated. You shall not cheat during gameplay or carry out any action to artificially enhance your typing speed or other statistics use any third-party software to modify TypeRacer to change gameplay, including, but not limited to cheats and/or hacks; carry out any action with a disruptive effect on the gameplay for other players; 3. Usage. You are entitled to use the Website for your own personal use, but you shall not be entitled to sell or grant a security interest in or transfer reproductions of TypeRacer to other parties in any way, nor to rent, lease, or license TypeRacer to others without the prior written consent of this Website's owner; copy, reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, modify, disassemble, or de-compile in whole or in part any TypeRacer software; create derivative works based on TypeRacer.com; institute attacks upon a TypeRacer.com server or otherwise disrupt TypeRacer.com; intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation; impersonate a TypeRacer official or employee or any other person harass, threaten, stalk, embarrass, or cause distress, unwanted attention or discomfort upon another user of the Website; 4. Content Responsibility. If you create a profile, comment on the blog, use chat, post on the forum, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party to make) material available by means of the Website (any such material, "Content"), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that: the downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party; if your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content; you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms; the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content; the Content is not spam, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing); and the Content is not obscene, libelous or defamatory, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party By submitting Content to TypeRacer for inclusion on the Website, you grant TypeRacer a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting the Website. If you delete Content, TypeRacer will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, TypeRacer has the right (though not the obligation) to, in TypeRacer's sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in TypeRacer's reasonable opinion, violates any TypeRacer policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in TypeRacer's sole discretion. TypeRacer will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid. 5. Account Deletion. Although we reserve the right to delete your account for any reason, such as noncompliance with these Terms of Service, we do not guarantee that we will delete your account upon request. In other words, your data could reside in the TypeRacer system indefinitely and TypeRacer assumes no obligation to delete it upon request. 6. Fees and Payment. Optional premium paid services may be provided on the Website in the future. By selecting a premium service you agree to pay TypeRacer the one-time, monthly, or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. 7. Responsibility of Website Visitors. TypeRacer has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material's content, use or effects. By operating the Website, TypeRacer does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. TypeRacer disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted. 8. Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which the Website links, and that link to the Website. TypeRacer does not have any control over those non-the Website websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-the Website website or webpage, TypeRacer does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. TypeRacer disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-TypeRacer websites and webpages. 9. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As TypeRacer asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by the Website violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify TypeRacer in accordance with TypeRacer's Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Policy. TypeRacer will respond to all such notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of TypeRacer or others, TypeRacer may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website. In the case of such termination, TypeRacer will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to TypeRacer. 10. Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from TypeRacer to you any TypeRacer or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with TypeRacer. TypeRacer, TypeRacer.com, the TypeRacer logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of TypeRacer or TypeRacer's licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any TypeRacer or third-party trademarks. 11. Changes. TypeRacer reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. TypeRacer may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 12. Termination. TypeRacer may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website. Notwithstanding the foregoing, TypeRacer can terminate the Website immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. 13. Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided "as is". TypeRacer and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither TypeRacer nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk. 14. Limitation of Liability. In no event will TypeRacer, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interpretation of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that increase the fees paid by you to TypeRacer under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the date the cause of the action accrues. TypeRacer shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. 15. General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the TypeRacer Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Website will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party. 16. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless TypeRacer, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your use of the Website, including but not limited to out of your violation this Agreement. 17. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between TypeRacer and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of TypeRacer, or by the posting by TypeRacer of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Massachusetts, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in Boston, Massachusetts. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service, Inc. ("JAMS") by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The arbitration shall take place in Boston, Massachusetts, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties' original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; TypeRacer may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Plumbers have everything: greed, sex, spirituality, white-knuckled chases, shameful propositions, a nun, humor, true love, jaded love, taut action, comedy, a bad guy, a good guy, a hero, spine-tingling suspense, a hot babe, a damsel in distress, and a Hollywood ending!
But rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add "within the limits of the law" because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
But words are not dolls: who cares about antidisestablishmentarianism from the point of view of real language, or floccinaucinihilipilification? ("the action or habit of estimating as worthless" - at one time the longest word in the OED) or mallemaroking (look it up)?
Jack, relax. Get busy with the facts. No zodiacs or almanacs, no maniacs in polyester slacks. Just the facts. Gonna kick some gluteus max. It's a parallax, you dig? You move around, the small gets big it's a rig. It's action. Reaction. Random interaction. So who's afraid of a little abstraction? Can't get no satisfaction from the facts. You better run homeboy. A fact's a fact from Nome to Rome boy.
Another aspect of yoga has to do with our actions. Yoga therefore also means acting in such a way that all of our attention is directed toward the activity in which we are currently engaged. Suppose for example that while I am writing, one part of my mind is thinking about what I want to say while another part is thinking about something entirely different. The more I am focused on my writing, the greater my attentiveness to my action in this moment. The exact opposite might also occur.
A further meaning of the word yoga is "to attain what was previously unattainable." The starting point for this thought is that there is something that we are today unable to do; when we find the means for bringing that desire into action, that step is yoga. In fact, every change is yoga. For example, when we find a way to bend the body forward and touch our toes, or learn the meaning of the word yoga with the help of a text, or gain more understanding of ourselves or others through a discussion, we have reached a point where we have never been before. Each of these movements and changes is yoga.
The evolution of the dreadnought that dominated the waves of the early 20th Century was the battleship ... bigger, faster, with bigger guns and thicker armor, able to sink anything else (including each other) afloat with a single salvo. The first "true" battleships to see action appeared at Jutland in 1916 AD, where - mixed with a motley collection of dreadnoughts and battle-cruisers - the German and British ones fought to a draw. In the inter-war years, the battleship evolved into the behemoth of popular thought, despite the Washington Naval Treaty of 1922 and other bits of international paper that tried to limit their size and armament.
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction; to get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action; a brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction; you look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run; my rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills.
Flame on, I'm gone. I'm so sweet like a nice bon bon. Came out rapping when I was born, mom said rock it till the break of dawn. Puttin' bodies in motion cause I got the notion. Like Roy Cormier with the coconut lotion. The sound of the music makin' you insane. You can't explain to people this type of mind frame. Like a bottle of Chateauneuf-du-Pape, I'm fine like wine when I start to rap. We need body rockin' not perfection, Let me get some action from the back section.
Why does an apple fall when it is ripe? Is it brought down by the force of gravity? Is it because its stalk withers? Because it is dried by the sun, because it grows too heavy, or because the boy standing under the tree wants to eat it? None of these is the cause... Every action of theirs, that seems to them an act of their own free will, is in the historical sense not free at all but is bound up with the whole course of history and preordained from all eternity.
In the beginning, the field concept was no more than a means of facilitating the understanding of phenomena from the mechanical point of view. In the new field language it is the description of the field between the two charges, and not the charges themselves, which is essential for an understanding of their action. The recognition of the new concepts grew steadily, until substance was overshadowed by the field. It was realized that something of great importance had happened in physics. A new reality was created, a new concept for which there was no place in the mechanical description. Slowly and by a struggle the field concept established for itself a leading place in physics and has remained one of the basic physical concepts. The electromagnetic field is, for the modern physicist, as real as the chair on which he sits. But it would be unjust to consider that the new field view freed science from the errors of the old theory of electric fluids or that the new theory destroys the achievements of the old. The new theory shows the merits as well as the limitations of the old theory and allows us to regain our old concepts from a higher level. This is true not only for the theories of electric fluids and field, but for all changes in physical theories, however revolutionary they may seem. In our case, we still find, for example, the concept of the electric charge in Maxwell's theory, though the charge is understood only as a source of the electric field. Coulomb's law is still valid and is contained in Maxwell's equations from which it can be deduced as one of the many consequences. We can still apply the old theory, whenever facts within the region of its validity are investigated. But we may as well apply the new theory, since all the known facts are contained in the realm of its validity. To use a comparison, we could say that creating a new theory is not like destroying an old barn and erecting a skyscraper in its place. It is rather like climbing a mountain, gaining new and wider views, discovering unexpected connections between our starting-point and its rich environment. But the point from which we started out still exists and can be seen, although it appears smaller and forms a tiny part of our broad view gained by the mastery of the obstacles on our adventurous way up.
First in my class here at MIT. Got skills, I'm a champion of D&D. M.C. Escher, that's my favorite MC. Keep your 40, I'll just have an Earl Grey tea. My rims never spin. To the contrary, you'll find that they're quite stationary. All of my action figures are cherry. Stephen Hawking's in my library.
Good afternoon. The Lakitu Bros., here reporting live from just outside the Princess's castle. Mario has just arrived on the scene, and we'll be filming the action live as he enters the castle and pursues the missing Power Stars. As seasoned cameramen, we'll be shooting from the recommended angle.
Opponents of a "scientific" approach to the social sciences claim that much of the apparent sterility and lack of progress in these disciplines is the result of slavish attempts to force folk psychology into the mold of a scientific theory of the causes and effects of action. The social scientists and philosophers who oppose the scientific approach and those who support it agree that in certain areas the social sciences have not progressed. But the diagnosis of the former does not blame the lack of progress on the complexity of social life, the inability to undertake experiments, or the failure to find the appropriate "natural kinds."
And presently I was driving through the drizzle of the dying day, with the windshield wipers in full action but unable to cope with my tears.
Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams.
The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the greater the number of people he is connected with, the more power he has over other people, the more obvious is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
This goodly frame, the earth, seems to me a sterile promontory, this most excellent canopy, the air, look you, this brave o'erhanging firmament, this majestical roof fretted with golden fire, why, it appears no other thing to me than a foul and pestilent congregation of vapours. What a piece of work is a man! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculty! In form and moving how express and admirable! In action how like an angel! In apprehension how like a god! The beauty of the world! The paragon of animals! And yet, to me, what is this quintessence of dust?
Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
Narcotics is a thing of the future. If we don't get a piece of that action we risk everything we have. Not now, but ten years from now.
And sometimes the difference between individual and organized indignation is the difference between criminal and political action.
Let us take a typical day with the gunners. Photographs or cinematographs are entirely unsatisfactory in giving any idea of the "movement" of a battery going into action. There is the rattle of the gun-carriages, like a running accompaniment of rifle fire; the jingle of the harness; the splendid, strenuous, willing pull of the horses straining against their collars. They know all about it, these bright-eyed beasts quivering with life and work, and want no whip or spur until the work of tugging over the broken ground under a sweltering sun staggers them under the strain.
It is an uneasy lot at best, to be what we call highly taught and yet not to enjoy: to be present at this great spectacle of life and never to be liberated from a small hungry shivering self - never to be fully possessed by the glory we behold, never to have our consciousness rapturously transformed into the vividness of a thought, the ardor of a passion, the energy of an action, but always to be scholarly and uninspired, ambitious and timid, scrupulous and dim-sighted.
If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
Although the United Nations does not have the power to enforce decisions or compel nations to take military action, the ability to compel member nations to impose economic sanctions against countries guilty of violating security orders gives it significant power in the world stage.
Every craft and every investigation, and likewise every action and decision, seems to aim at some good; hence the good has been well described as that at which everything aims.
You're in big trouble, Burns. Homer Simpson's job requires college training in nuclear physics. Now you get your man up to speed, or we'll be forced to take legal action.
We can't let the monitor activate Halo. We have to stop him - we have to destroy Halo. According to my analysis of the available data, I believe the best course of action is somewhat risky. An explosion of sufficient size will help destabilize the ring and will cut through a number of primary systems. We need to trigger a detonation on a large scale however. A starship's fusion reactors going critical would do the job. I'm going to search what's left of the Covenant battle net and see if I can locate the Pillar of Autumn's crash site. If the ship's fusion reactors are still relatively intact we can use them to destroy Halo.
The number of servings per day that is right for you depends on the amount of calories you need to maintain your best weight. The USDA recommends the following calorie levels per day: 1600 calories for many sedentary women and some older adults; 2200 calories for most children, teenage girls, active women and many sedentary men; and 2800 calories for teenage boys, many active men and some very active women.
Not gonna be active on Discord tonight. I'm meeting a girl, a real one in half an hour, wouldn't expect a lot of you to understand anyway, so please don't DM me asking me where I am, I'm with the girl, ok, you'll most likely get aired because I'll be with the girl, again I don't expect you to understand.
He paused for a moment at the top of the steps. On the opposite side of the alley there was a dingy little pub whose windows appeared to be frosted over but in reality were merely coated with dust. A very old man, bent but active, with white moustaches that bristled forward like those of a prawn, pushed open the swing door and went in.
My thoughts now became more active, and I longed to discover the motives and feelings of these lovely creatures; I was inquisitive to know why Felix appeared so miserable and Agatha so sad. I thought (foolish wretch!) that it might be in my power to restore happiness to these deserving people.
This distinction between the passive resistance of nature and the active resistance of an opponent suggests a distinction between the research scientist and the warrior or the game player. The research physicist has all the time in the world to carry out his experiments, and he need not fear that nature will in time discover his tricks and method and change her policy. Therefore, his work is governed by his best moments, whereas a chess player cannot make one mistake without finding an alert adversary ready to take advantage of it and to defeat him. Thus the chess player is governed more by his worst moments than by his best moments. I may be prejudiced about this claim: for I have found it possible myself to do effective work in science, while my chess has been continually vitiated by my carelessness at critical instants.
It is important to notice that tolerance requires work. If people do not mind what others do, even when what those others do seems strange, alternative and remote, this is not tolerance; it is indifference. But tolerance is an active thing. It involves recognizing the right of others to be different from oneself, and allowing them the space and opportunity to speak from their different perspective and (under the usual constraint of not harming others) to live it out.
My name is Zak Bagans. I never believed in ghosts until I came face to face with one. So I set out on a quest to capture what I once saw onto video. With no big camera crews following us around, I am joined only by my fellow investigators Nick Groff and our equipment tech Aaron Goodwin. The three of us will travel to some of the most highly active paranormal locations, where we will spend an entire night, being locked down from dusk until dawn. Raw. Extreme. These are our Ghost Adventures.
The sport of mountain biking is one of the best active sports you can do for a number of fitness reasons and depending on what style of mountain biking you partake in, it can be also a great deal of fun as well as keeping you fit at the same time.
The sport of mountain biking is one of the best active sports you can do for a number of fitness reasons and depending on what style of mountain biking you partake in, it can be also a great deal of fun as well as keeping you fit at the same time. People are usually unaware of how may muscles you use when riding a mountain bike, and how quickly you can burn calories off riding a bike as it can be an extremely good work out for the body. If you plan on riding cross-country along different styles of trails, riding a bike can be quite a task. So if you riding over a vast distance up and down hills, along slippery single trail it can be very exhausting on the legs and the lower back. So if you are just starting to ride bikes for the first time, please don't just jump on the bike a go for a 20 mile ride as it may do you more harm than good.
The sport of mountain biking is one of the best active sports you can do for a number of fitness reasons and depending on what style of mountain biking you partake in, it can be also a great deal of fun as well as keeping you fit at the same time. People are usually unaware of how may muscles you use when riding a mountain bike, and how quickly you can burn calories off riding a bike as it can be an extremely good work out for the body. If you plan on riding cross-country along different styles of trails, riding a bike can be quite a task. So if you riding over a vast distance up and down hills, along slippery single trail it can be very exhausting on the legs and the lower back. So if you are just starting to ride bikes for the first time, please don't just jump on the bike a go for a 20 mile ride as it may do you more harm than good. One thing that is recommended is to do short rides to start with, maybe only a couple of miles which will take no time at all on a bike to get your fitness training up to scratch before hitting the bike ride. All of the major athletes of the sport will tell you that mountain bike training is vastly important and you should take part in mountain bike fitness training when ever the opportunity arises. Going on those short rides will benefit you hugely and will stop you from injuring yourself. Parts of your body that will benefit from training are your legs. Your legs will be the first part of your body in particular that will get tired very quickly. Building up your leg muscles either at the gym or one the bike will help improve your personal and bike fitness quickly. The more you train the better your pace and your stamina will improve. Once these two have improved you will be able to go on longer and better rides than will enhance your fitness. One of the major benefits of riding a mountain bike on a regular basis is that in order to ride your bike you use some of largest muscles in the body which in turn will burn off fat quickly. This will of course help you to lose weight and the more you ride you bike the more weight you will lose. When you ride your bike on flat ground at a slower speed you are still burning a great amount of calories due to the fact that you will be able to continue that pedaling motion for a longer period of time. This is also perfect for people who don't have the stamina for a highly intensive ride at different speeds and climbs etc. Low intensity work outs also don't give you all the extra muscle either so the weight will stay off. In summary using a mountain bike to keep yourself fit what ever your style of riding is a great way to keep fit, and training will also keep you one step ahead of your game. Don't forgot even if you don't ride cross-country and are just as happy down the local skate park you are still having fun on your bike and at the end of the day that's all that matters. We hope you have found this Mountain biking fitness article useful. There are many different types and styles of riding than you may have first thought. So when choosing a bike make sure you choose the bike that's right for you.
Books are not absolutely dead things, but do contain a potency of life in them to be as active as that soul was whose progeny they are; nay, they do preserve as in a vial the purest efficacy and extraction of that living intellect that bred them. I know they are as lively, and as vigorously productive, as those fabulous dragon's teeth; and being sown up and down, may chance to spring up armed men. And yet, on the other hand, unless wariness be used, as good almost kill a man as kill a good book. Who kills a man kills a reasonable creature, God's image; but he who destroys a good book, kills reason itself, kills the image of God, as it were in the eye. Many a man lives a burden to the earth; but a good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.
Eating, bathing, having a girlfriend, having an active social life is incidental, it gets in the way of code time. Writing code is the primary force that drives our lives so anything that interrupts that is wasteful.
Our security grid is now online and active. We will perform a thorough system test every 12 hours to insure integrity in expectation of the shipment from Hong Kong.
Did you hear about the young actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.
Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage.
Try to keep in mind that a young person playing Willy Loman thinks he's only pretending to be at the end of a life full of despair. But the tragedy is that we know that you, the young actor, will end up in this very place of desolation.
Throughout the day, people from all across the neighborhood knocked on Omu's door. She fed a shop owner, a cab driver, a doctor, an actor, a lawyer, a dancer, a baker, an artist, a singer, an athlete, a bug driver, a construction worker, even the mayor stopped by!
Do we have to put up with this? I mean, can't we get a better actor? I know it's a small part, but I think we can do better than this.
She hates time, make it stop. When did Motley Crue become classic rock? And when did Ozzy become an actor? Please make this stop.
For as long as a single man is forced to cower under the iron fist of oppression, as long as a child cries out in the night, or an actor can be elected president, we must continue the struggle.
Please welcome, mister John Carlton. The blue-eyed actor from Venice, California. He's cool, he's hot, he's crazy. Here's Johnny Cage. Fight Cage, Johnny fight. Use your split punch and make 'em cry. Be tough, shoot your green fire. The shadow kick, we all admire, is strong. Fight for your life. Mortal Kombat at the speed of light. So beat the bad guys and make 'em sigh. Johnny Cage is not afraid to die.
I maintain that inversion is the effect of neither a prenatal choice nor an endocrinal malformation nor even the passive and determined result of complexes. It is an outlet that a child discovers when he is suffocating.
Hello, I'm Eugene Levy. And yes, I'm an actor. No, I said cappuccino. I'm here to talk to you about something very important. And no, it's not about me or my career. I'm here to talk about subliminal messages in rock and roll music. Or as it's simply known in some cultures, 'rock music'. You see, for years the government has been wisely coercing teenagers to buy products they normally wouldn't want just to get their money.
Ronald Reagan? The actor? Then who's Vice President? Jerry Lewis? I suppose Jane Wyman is the First Lady! And Jack Benny is Secretary of the Treasury. I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
Oh yeah, I know. We're all part-time here. You see that guy over there? Now, he's an actor. The guy on the phone, he's a prize fighter. This lady over here, she's a beautician. The man behind her, he's a writer. Me? I'm a cab driver. I'm the only cab driver in this place.
I make my living off the evening news. Just give me something, something I can use. People love it when you lose. They love dirty laundry. Well, I coulda been an actor, but I wound up here. I just have to look good. I don't have to be clear. Come and whisper in my ear. Give us dirty laundry.
I open up the paper. There's a story of an actor who had died while he was drinking. He was no one I had heard of. And I'm turning to the horoscope and looking for the funnies when I'm feeling someone watching me.
Hero - not the handsome actor who plays a hero's role. Hero - not the glamor girl who'd love to sell her soul .If anybody's buying, nobody's hero.
What's the first thing an actor learns? "The show must go on!" Come rain, come shine, come snow, come sleet, the show must go on!
You see, Mr. Newton, I'm kind of a cliche. I'm the disillusioned scientist, that goes with the cynical writer, the alcoholic actor and the spaced-out spaceman. A man like you wouldn't understand a guy like me.
Well, I used to be an actor but I could never remember my lines, so I thought "just shut up", you know? Don't say nothing. And my father used to say the same thing to me every dinner time, he used to say to me "shut up and eat", so that's what we do and that's the name of the company: "Shut Up and Eat."
Hi, Ben. So you want to be an actor, huh? Well, I got to tell you, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. I mean, one day you're Dr. Drake Ramoray. The next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
All I'm asking is that you do the minimal amount of work in this class to give yourself the illusion that you're actually learning something, and to give me a modicum of self respect like I'm actually teaching a class.
He is here, actually he was here! He's just nipped out to go to the toilet a few minutes ago. His drink is over there on the table by those barrels. The only problem is that no one has ever actually seen a toilet in RuneScape so he may take a little while.
Among other things of interest, the stele shows the commander Eannatum riding in a "chariot" - actually, more a four-wheeled cart pulled by asses (the animals, not the humans). The Sumerian war-cart was a four-wheeled device composed of a woven basket mounted on wooden, solid wheels; it was manned by a crew of two carrying battle-axes and lances and pulled by a yoke of four onagers (those Asiatic asses). Although shown on this and other stele, there is considerable debate as to whether the war-carts were actually used in combat, or served more as a "battle taxi," carting the commander around to strategic locations where he could dismount and lead his troops personally in the melee. Whatever the function, the Sumerian war-cart was the genesis for the later horse-drawn war chariot.
An essential characteristic of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero, and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When he wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic that Superman stands alone. Superman did not become Superman, Superman was born Superman.
To be a scientist is to be naive. We are so focused on our search for the truth we fail to consider how few actually want us to find it. But it is always there whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not. The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants, it doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait for all time. And this, at last, is the gift of Chernobyl. Where I once would fear the cost of truth, now I only ask: What is the cost of lies?
What sets science and the law apart from religion is that nothing is expected to be taken on faith. We're encouraged to ask whether the evidence actually supports what we're being told - or what we grew up believing - and we're allowed to ask whether we're hearing all the evidence or just some small prejudicial part of it. If our beliefs aren't supported by the evidence, then we're encouraged to alter our beliefs.
Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything.
You have to wonder: how do the machines know what Tasty Wheat tasted like? Maybe they got it wrong. Maybe what I think Tasty Wheat tasted like actually tasted like oatmeal, or tuna fish. That makes you wonder about a lot of things. You take chicken, for example: maybe they couldn't figure out what to make chicken taste like, which is why chicken tastes like everything. 
I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops an equilibrium with the surrounding environment. But you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed. The only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease. A cancer of this planet. You are a plague. And we are the cure.
I couldn't help laughing the moment I saw him. Actually, I think that was the first time I laughed since I came to that school. He might have looked stupid, but it was the kind of stupid I wanted in on.
Everyone thinks that being small is more detrimental than it actually is. Even though being smaller puts you at a disadvantage in volleyball, it doesn't make you completely helpless!
That was so much fun, I can barely contain myself! I can become even stronger! My body still moves, and I can't feel any pain. Actually I'm so excited that I can feel my strength welling up within me!
The pain of being alone is completely out of this world, isn't it? I don't know why, but I understand your feelings so much, it actually hurts.
When I reached home, tiredness seemed to explode within me. My nerves remained tense even after I had had a hot shower and crawled into bed. In my disappointment, I wanted only to sleep, but my mind kept wandering back to the rally. It had actually happened. I had been lucky and had said the right things at the right time and they had liked me.
He had seen her; he had even spoken to her. There was no danger in it. He knew as though instinctively that they now took almost no interest in his doings. He could have arranged to meet her a second time if either of them had wanted to. Actually it was by chance that they had met. It was in the Park, on a vile, biting day in March, when the earth was like iron and all the grass seemed dead and there was not a bud anywhere except a few crocuses which had pushed themselves up to be dismembered by the wind.
Some time after their release Winston had actually seen all three of them in the Chestnut Tree Cafe. He remembered the sort of terrified fascination with which he had watched them out of the corner of his eye. They were men far older than himself, relics of the ancient world, almost the last great figures left over from the heroic days of the Party. The glamour of the underground struggle and the civil war still faintly clung to them. He had the feeling, though already at that time facts and dates were growing blurry, that he had known their names years earlier than he had known that of Big Brother.
Just a heads-up: That coffee we gave you earlier had fluorescent calcium in it so we can track the neuronal activity in your brain. There's a slight chance the calcium could harden and vitrify your frontal lobe. Anyway, don't stress yourself thinking about it. I'm serious. Visualizing the scenario while under stress actually triggers the reaction.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Has he ever done anything with you that you actually like? You know, like the arcade or something? No, he hasn't. He's trying to force you to like normal things. And you shouldn't like things because people tell you you're supposed to. Especially not him.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you.
Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. And I'm sorry. You didn't react at the time so I was worried it sailed right over your head. That's why I had to call you garbage a second time just now.
It's what the philosopher Alan Watts used to refer to as "the backwards law" - the idea that the more you pursue feeling better all the time, the less satisfied you become, as pursuing something only reinforces the fact that you lack it in the first place. The more you desperately want to be rich, the more poor and unworthy you feel, regardless of how much money you actually make. The more you desperately want to be sexy and desired, the uglier you come to see yourself, regardless of your actual physical appearance. The more you desperately want to be happy and loved, the lonelier and more afraid you become, regardless of those who surround you. The more you want to be spiritually enlightened, the more self-centered and shallow you become in trying to get there.
How thick do you have to be to believe what a digital, pretend woman on the dashboard says, over what you can actually see out of the window. I mean, the sea, for example: It's big, it's blue, the top of it wobbles around and it's not suitable for motor vehicles. But you know that already. You don't drive into it!
How about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
The top row is actually faster than the home row on QWERTY, in defiance of conventional wisdom. When trying to make sense of this result, I can come to only one conclusion: home row is wrong.
It's easy not to abuse your power when you don't actually have any power.
At lunch he told Bill about a physics book he was reading about time. How the passing of time is just an illusion because all of eternity is actually taking place at once: the past never vanishes away and the future has already happened. All of history is fixed and laid out, like an infinite landscape of simultaneous events that we simply happen to travel through in one direction. Bill made a joke that he could've sworn he'd been told that somewhere before, but the guy just stared at him like he didn't get it.
Even if there's only one actual truth, you can have two truths from two different perspectives. A method to determine which truth is true doesn't actually exist. There's no real method of proving your truth in this world. But believing that you're wrong for that reason is also wrong.
When someone sues a wealthy individual, they are often met with layers of legal protection and often find that the wealthy person actually owns nothing. They control everything, but own nothing.
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small doesn't serve the world. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
After snow comes up, the wind blows it around so it looks like it's coming down but actually it comes up out of the ground - like grass. It comes up, Charlie Brown, snow comes up!
The clues we've uncovered during our search have led me to believe there's a strong possibility that Tom is actually a dog, not a small child as we had originally thought. Come to think of it, I seem to recall a young girl walking about the train with a dog in her arms. I intend to find her and confirm my suspicions.
Lemon Boy and me started to get along together. I helped him plant his seeds and we'd mow the lawn in bad weather. It's actually pretty easy being nice to a bitter boy like him, so I got myself a citrus friend.
The reality of loving God is loving him like he's a Superhero who actually saved you from stuff rather than a Santa Claus who merely gave you some stuff.
Before the body, there is the face, and before the face there is the thin black line between Hector's nose and upper lip. A twitching filament of anxieties, a metaphysical jump rope, a dancing thread of discombobulation, the mustache is a seismograph of Hector's inner states, and not only does it make you laugh, it tells you what Hector is thinking, actually allows you into the machinery of his thoughts. Other elements are involved - the eyes, the mouth, the finely calibrated lurches and stumbles - but the mustache is the instrument of communication, and even though it speaks a language without words, its wriggles and flutters are as clear and comprehensible as a message tapped out in Morse code.
I often see racers, particularly at the back of the pack in amateur races, trying to go fast, with their arms flailing around, banging off shifts, jerking the steering into a turn with feet stabbing at the pedals - the car usually in massive slides through the turns. It may feel fast and even look fast, but I'll guarantee it's not. If the driver would only slow down, the car would actually go faster. It reminds me of the saying, "never confuse movement for action."
It doesn't actually take very much to make the deepest part of us incredibly happy.
There was immediately a knock at the door and a man entered. He had never seen the man in this house before. He was slim but firmly built, his clothes were black and closefitting, with many folds and pockets, buckles and buttons and a belt, all of which gave the impression of being very practical but without making it very clear what they were actually for.
Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning, and that'll be it. And Pep, I know I said no more surprises, but I got to say I was really hoping to pull off one last one. But it looks like, well, you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I mean actually if you grovel for a couple weeks, and then move on with enormous guilt. I should probably lie down. I'm going to rest my eyes. Please know when I drift off, it'll be like every night. I'm fine, totally fine. I'll dream about you, because it's always you.
Originally, to be sure, abbreviations were intended to serve the convenience of the reader by shortening names so that cumbersome phrases would not have to be repeated in their entirety. The purported simplifications actually simplified. But many writers - especially technical writers - seem to have lost sight of this goal: they allow abbreviated terms to proliferate, and their prose quickly becomes a hybrid-English system of hieroglyphs requiring the reader to refer constantly to the original uses of terms to grasp the meaning.
If you can't focus at all, it's also good to confine yourself somewhere and study! The thrill of studying in a place where you might get caught does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in a disaster zone. The thrill of studying in a place where you could actually die does wonders for your focus! Oh, and I also recommend studying in the middle of your exams. The thrill of knowing it's too late to get any studying done does wonders for your focus!
Meanwhile, lawyers eschew the comma as far as possible, regarding it as a troublemaker; and readers grow so accustomed to the dwindling incidence of commas in public places that when signs go up saying "No dogs please", only one person in a thousand bothers to point out that actually, as a statement, "no dogs please" is an indefensible generalisation, since many dogs do please, as a matter of fact; they rather make a point of it.
I'm not leaving. You guys just chase us out whenever you want without even asking us. I'm getting tired of it! Watching TV is the only thing to do in this house that's actually fun. So you're left with two choices: you can either fight somewhere else, or get us a TV for our room.
Imagine this: Here we are, a plane full of grown human beings, many of us partially educated, and they're actually taking time out to describe the intricate workings of a belt buckle. Well, I ask for clarification at that point. Did you say 'Place the small metal flap into the buckle' or 'Place the buckle over and around the small metal flap'?
This is radical, hopeful stuff. In fact, as I discovered, this new neuroscience has led to the flowering of an elite subculture of executives, athletes, and marines who are using meditation to improve their focus, curb their addiction to technology, and stop being yanked around by their emotions. Meditation has even been called the "new caffeine." I suspect that if the practice could be denuded of all the spiritual preening and straight-out-of-a-fortune-cookie lingo such as "sacred spaces," "divine mother," and "holding your emotions with love and tenderness," it would be attractive to many more millions of smart, skeptical, and ambitious people who would never otherwise go near it.
I never did like the idea of sitting on newspapers. I did it once, and all the headlines came off on my white pants. On the level! It actually happened. Nobody bought a paper that day. They just followed me around over town and read the news on the seat of my pants.
How are you actually going to run your business? The Operations section of your business plan briefly describes how you execute the basic functions of your company: manufacturing or creating your product or service, keeping on top of inventory, and delivering your product/service to your customer. Emphasize any operational aspects that give your company a competitive edge. If you've found a way to cut costs, and increase profit margins, by using innovative production methods or less-expensive suppliers, highlight those aspects in your business plan.
To some there Bilbo's tale was wholly new, and they listened with amazement while the old hobbit, actually not at all displeased, recounted his adventure with Gollum, at full length. He did not omit a single riddle. He would have given also an account of his party and disappearance from the Shire, if he had been allowed; but Elrond raised his hand.
Things are never gonna be the same now. I mean, look at this. You got aliens. You got big green guys tearing down buildings. When I was a kid, I used to draw cowboys and Indians. Actually, it's Native American, but whatever. Yeah. Tell you what, though. It ain't bad, is it? No. Yeah. Kid's got a future. Yeah well, we'll see, I guess. No, hey! You can't saw through that stuff.
Fidget: "Here, give me a pen. I'll draw it myself. Okay, there, done. See how I've captured every nuanced curve? See? You can use this to measure your doll. It's perfect." Mordecai: "Ha! No, it really isn't! Actually, that's the worst drawing I've ever seen."
We were happy pretending to be other people. We were the happiest couple we knew. And what's the point of being together if you're not the happiest? But Nick got lazy. He became someone I did not agree to marry. He actually expected me to love him unconditionally. Then, he dragged me, penniless, to the navel of this great country, and found himself a newer, younger, bouncier "cool girl".
To recap; sitting in the bar today we have among others a man who is actually simple enough to hypnotize himself. I'd like to offer the suggestion that we've seen it all. [Sam enters wearing a military uniform] Happily I stand corrected.
Son, a woman is a lot like a... a refrigerator! They're about six feet tall, 300 pounds. They make ice and, um... Oh, wait a minute. Actually, a woman is more like a beer. They smell good, they look good and you'd step over your own mother just to get one!
Roger, at Cornell University, they have an incredible piece of scientific equipment known as the "Tunneling Electron Microscope". Now, this microscope is so powerful that by firing electrons you can actually see images of the atom, the infinitesimally minute building blocks of our universe. Roger, if I were using that microscope right now, I still wouldn't be able to locate my interest in your problem.
Well, lookee here! You actually pulled it off... but you've made me lose a bet! And for that, you ain't seein' the boss just yet. We're gonna play a little game first!
Dreams feel real while we're in them. It's only when we wake up that we realize something was actually strange.
Jim: "Hey, Andy." Andy: "Yo." Jim: "By any chance, did you see Battlestar Galactica last night?" Andy: "No, I did not. Was that any good?" Jim: "Actually not. It was really so-so." Dwight: "Ok." Jim: "I mean I like all the crazy monsters and stuff. You know, like klingons and wookies and all that but..." "Sorry, was there something you wanted to add, Dwight?" Andy: "Is that anything like the original Battlestar Galactica?" Jim: "You know, it's weird. It's practically a shot for shot remake." Andy: "Really?" "Huh, that's cool." Jim: "Story's kinda bland. It's about this guy named Dumbledore Calrissian who needs to return the ring back to Mordor." Andy: "Really? That doesn't sound right."
I love babies. I think they are beautiful in all sorts of different ways. I try to pick up and hold a baby every day, if possible, because it nourishes me. It feeds my soul. Babies are drawn to me, and I think it's because they see me as one of them. But cooler, and with my life put together a little bit. If a baby were president, there would be no taxes, there would be no war. There would be no government, and things could get terrible. It actually, probably - it would be a better screenplay idea than a serious suggestion.
Actually, Werner, we're all tickled to hear you say that. Quite frankly, watching Donny beat nazis to death is the closest we ever get to goin' to the movies.
Among other things of interest, the stele shows the commander Eannatum riding in a "chariot" - actually, more a four-wheeled cart pulled by asses (the animals, not the humans). The Sumerian war-cart was a four-wheeled device composed of a woven basket mounted on wooden, solid wheels; it was manned by a crew of two carrying battle-axes and lances and pulled by a yoke of four onagers (those Asiatic asses).
You should take it as a compliment that I'm talking to everyone here but you, but you, but you. And you should think about the consequence of you touching my hand in a darkened room, dark room, dark room. If you got a girlfriend I'm jealous of her, but if you're single that's honestly worse 'cause you're so gorgeous it actually hurts, honey it hurts.
I want a one hundred dollar gift card deposited into my locker by noon tomorrow. Preferably to the Gap, but I'd also take Amazon.com, or OfficeMax. Actually, make it OfficeMax - I have my eye on a label maker.
For instance, last Monday, he told me to have the Great Wall torn down, since it's a symbol of ancient tyranny. On Tuesday, I reported that all 1,500 miles had been dismantled. Then on Thursday, he told me he had had second thoughts, and that he wanted the wall rebuilt at once. Friday night, I told him that I had personally directed the mobilization of 20 million workers, and that the entire Wall had been restored to its former condition. Actually I spent the whole week watching T.V., but he thinks I'm a genius.
I finally figured it out. It's like when they realized it was gonna be too expensive to actually build cyborgs and robots. I mean, the costs of that were impossible. They decided to just let humans turn themselves into robots. That's what's going on right now. I mean, why not? There're billions of us just laying around, not really doing anything. We don't cost anything. We're even pretty good at self-maintenance and reproducing constantly. And as it turns out, we're already biologically programmed for our little cyborg upgrades.
I'm starting to see just why turn-of-the-century Americans' biggest fear was of anarchists and anarchy. For if anarchy actually wins, if rulelessness becomes the rule, then protest and change become not just impossible but incoherent.
Your tenure as boss was a short one. Actually, it was unusual in several ways. Let me put this to you as simply as I can: You can avoid sentencing on these charges if you will testify that, in fact, you were not the boss of North Jersey. That, in fact, your nephew Anthony Soprano was and is. That he de facto controlled your capos with the backing of two of the New York families communicating through their emissary, John Sacrimoni. We want Johnny Sack. But more than him, we want Mangano and Teresi.
Every morning when he'd come to pick you up, I would look forward to it all night long in bed next to you. Those nights when you were actually in the bed. And he would ring the doorbell - I felt like my heart would come out of my chest. He would smile, and we'd talk, and then you would come down the stairs. And I felt probably like someone who was terminally ill and somehow they managed to forget it for a minute. And then it all comes back!
I've hacked into the Covenant battle network. They're actually broadcasting tactical data on unencrypted channels. We should show them who they're dealing with. Master Chief, I'm going to use your suit's transcom system to monitor their chatter.
What's cool about really little kids is that they don't say stuff to try to hurt your feelings, even though sometimes they do say stuff that hurts your feelings. But they don't actually know what they're saying. Big kids, though: they know what they're saying. And that is definitely not fun for me.
Pork and beans are actually cooked in the can. One fairly large piece of pork is placed in the can before cooking. After being heated during processing, it melts down to the size you see in the can, its flavor having permeated the beans.
Most laymen assume that the care label instructions for rainwear refer to the effect of cleaning on water repellency. Actually, the water-resistant chemicals with which raincoats are treated are partially removed by both washing and dry-cleaning. Strangely, washing is easier on water repellency than dry-cleaning, as long as the detergent is completely removed through extra rinse cycles.
If you imagine an orange, there may occur in your cortex a set of commands to pick it up, to smell it, to inspect it, and so on. Clearly these commands cannot be carried out, because the orange is not there. But they can be sent along the usual channels towards the cerebellum or other suborgans of the brain, until, at some critical point, a "mental faucet" is closed, preventing them from actually being carried out.
Although free radicals may sound like members of a sixties' political group, they actually represent one of the most exciting discoveries in nutrition today. Free radicals are small molecules with an extra electron. They hurtle through tissue looking for electrons to steal. This shooting spree wounds cell membranes and can damage the DNA codes within the cell's nucleus.
Psychology claims that when you can't sleep at night, you are actually awake in someone's dream.
All at once we were madly, clumsily, shamelessly, agonizingly in love with each other; hopelessly, I should add, because that frenzy of mutual possession might have been assuaged only by our actually imbibing and assimilating every particle of each other's soul and flesh; but there we were, unable even to mate as slum children would have so easily found an opportunity to do so.
Hey, if you enjoyed our episode about reading, why not check out some of the books we mentioned on our show: The Life of Pi, by Yann Martel; The Saint in New York, by Leslie Charteris; Don Pendleton's Mack Bolan Executioner #147: Payback Game, by Jerry VanCook; and if you enjoyed our wildlife segment, check out Dingoes In Their Habitat, by Jay Robertson, which isn't even a real book, actually. It's just something our props guy, Jay Robertson, made for us.
Oh, actually all champagne is French; it's named after the region. Otherwise it's sparkling white wine. Americans of course don't recognize the convention, so it becomes that thing of calling all of their sparkling white "champagne", even though by definition they're not.
A brother who lives at home, and is still considered more successful than I am, which could be because I live in a trailer that while it may look like Jeannie's bottle is actually slightly smaller.
The pie maker considered how not telling Chuck the truth about her father was a lot like being locked in a prison. Then he considered how being locked in a prison was actually much worse than some silly metaphor about truth.
The math is compelling.  Most of the people in the world are not your customers.  They haven't even heard of you actually.  And while many of these people are not qualified buyers or aren't interested in buying your product, many of them might be - if only they knew you existed, if they could be convinced that your offering is worth paying for.
The math is compelling.  Most of the people in the world are not your customers.  They haven't even heard of you actually.
Nothing looks more suspicious in America than someone who's actually prepared to make something.
Some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing.  Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
Sometimes you concentrate more on racing the cars around you, rather than focusing on what you need to do. Having said that, some drivers actually perform best when there is a little extra incentive - like chasing another car. But be careful you don't get too caught up in what the competition is doing.  Focus on your own performance rather than on the competition.
When I was a kid - before the accident - I'd lay awake at night listening to the sirens. I liked to put stories to them, trying to figure out what they were for: ambulance or cops, robbery or fire. I don't know, just a stupid game. But after I lost my sight, after my abilities developed, I realized how many sirens there actually were... how much this city suffered every single night.
I can't have a baby with you, because I already have a baby and his name is Fitzgerald Grant. And my baby is troubled, and angry, and exhausting, and brilliant, and he might actually change the world if I can keep my eyes on him every minute and make sure he eats his vegetables. And so I don't have the time or the energy or the extra space in my soul for another baby, James. I'm sorry, I don't. I can't. I don't have it in me to take care of someone else, because I'm busy taking care of the United States of America.
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it. So when we conceive of the sweetest being ever, we are conceiving of the being that exists both in the mind and in reality.
Is it sweeter to exist only in the mind or to exist both in the mind and in reality? Flipping out and wailing on guitars is much sweeter when someone is actually doing it.
Alright, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons... Everything you ever wanted, since you were old enough to want anything. It's all yours for the taking. Are you afraid? Good. You're in the Great Game now, and the Great Game is terrifying. The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
They say that right after God created man, he took a rib from him and made a chick. That's actually a bit of a creation myth - the truth is, after God saw that man was good, he created another man and saw that it was all good.
Dean is the perfect guy for the road because he actually was born on the road, when his parents were passing through Salt Lake City.
I can handle this. "Handle" is my middle name. Actually, "handle" is the middle of my first name.
They just sit helplessly and wait for some young strong man to come by and assist them. They don't step in puddles, they don't step over puddles. They can't even look at puddles. They actually need to be blindfolded and thrown in a sack and carried over puddles.
You know, pizza's actually not from Italy. I read that Marco Polo discovered it in China and then brought it back to Italy.
Ahem. Pardon me, but the point of this afternoon is to pretend that you might one day make a valuable contribution to society. Perhaps you could play along. For example, Ms. Polk, you might want to look into journalism, which is a profession where they actually pay people to be cynical and disaffected.
Actually, it's more of a behavioral observation. Like, say the moose in question was seen sniffing a flower, which according to the first moose is elk-like. But the second moose isn't so sure. I mean, he doesn't feel like an elk, he doesn't have elk thoughts. Does it make him an elk just because he likes this one flower?
This is actually a bit embarrassing for me to admit, but although I am a boat that possesses the power of speech. I possess no sail. And a boat with no sail can sail no seas. I have brought you far to the east of the dark gaze of the Forsaken Fortress. On this island is a town of merchants who deal with a wide variety of goods. If you search hard enough, surely you can find one who will sell you a sail. I am sorry to ask this of you, but without a sail, I will be useless to you.
The more I love humanity in general the less I love man in particular. In my dreams, I often make plans for the service of humanity, and perhaps I might actually face crucifixion if it were suddenly necessary. Yet I am incapable of living in the same room with anyone for two days together. I know from experience. As soon as anyone is near me, his personality disturbs me and restricts my freedom.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable.
So my heart goes out to them. Figuratively. I would never actually entrust my heart to scientists - they'd probably implant it in a baboon. And a baboon with my heart would be practically unstoppable. Baboon strength and agility combined with my determination and media savvy? It would be a threat to all of humanity.
They had been given a sign - a powerful, lucid sign - that urban herding and its concomitant technologies are not the proper way to partake of this planet's hospitality. (Actually, there are countless ways to live upon this tremorous sphere in mirth and good health, and probably only one way - the industrialized, urbanized, herding way - to live here stupidly, and man has hit upon that one wrong way.)
Sometimes it seems like we're all living in some kind of prison, and the crime is how much we hate ourselves. It's good to get really dressed up once in a while, and admit the truth - that when you really look closely, people are so strange and so complicated that they're actually beautiful. Possibly even me.
Donning his new canine decoder, Professor Schwartzman becomes the first human being on Earth to hear what barking dogs are actually saying.
At the heart of frequentist probabilities is the implicit assumption of repeatability of some genuine physical process. We gather experience from repeated experimentation and apply the past experience to make probabilistic statements. But we cannot gather actual experience if we want to assign a probability that the subsurface ocean in a moon of Saturn has microbial life or that the Big Bang actually happened. In such situations, we are forced to use probabilities based on beliefs or feelings based on personal or collective knowledge, the so-called subjective probabilities.
